Seymour sought Johnson 's support , but he long remained silent on the presidential campaign .
French statesman Leon Gambetta expressed a desire to meet Rodin , and the sculptor impressed him when they met at a salon .
The leader of the Alaska Federation of Natives protested against Hickels nomination , but he was eventually confirmed .
Fernando identifies Antonio Gramsci as an influential early theorist of advanced capitalism , even if he did not use the term himself .
Anne proposes to a delighted Kirsty , but she eventually discovers her affair with Fiz , and their plan .
David Platt has kicked Andre out after he learned that he had taken his son 's medication .
Dolly was named after performer Dolly Parton because the cells cloned to make her were from a mammary gland cell , and Parton is known for her ample cleavage .
De Vries kills Yueh but he also dies with Leto in the assassination attempt ; however Harkonnen survives .
Daisy usually shows a strong affinity towards Laura , although she is often characterised as being more sophisticated than him .
Enki does not tell Atrahasis directly , but he speaks to him in secret via a reed wall .
Joey develops romantic feelings for Ross , but he does not reciprocate them .
Gnumeric was created and developed by Miguel de Icaza , but he has since moved on to other projects .
Warner Bros. Chairman took considerable notice of Nolan 's desires and thoughts when drafting his contract .
Trotsky refused to support Lenin since he was waiting to see whether German workers would rebel and whether German soldiers would refuse to follow orders .
Giovanni went to stay with Lucrezia in Ferrara after Alexander 's death , where he was accepted as her half-brother .
Henry appears to have been uncertain what to do with Rhys , but after a few weeks he decided to free him and allow him to rule Cantref Mawr .
Sennacherib was probably not the first-born son of Sargon II , but he was groomed for royal succession and entrusted with administrative duties from an early age .
Antietam was primarily a defensive battle against superior odds , although McClellan failed to exploit his advantage .
The Maker 's madness takes control of several inmates , but is finally subdued by Thanos and several of his allies among the prisoners .
If Keen touches an enemy , he immediately loses a life .
The Catholic bishop had supported the Danish King Christian II , but he was overthrown by Gustavus Vasa , and Sweden was now independent again .
Previous to that Lucy was in service with Mrs. Vincent , but very little is known about her past before this .
An infuriated McCauley tries to kill Waingro afterwards , but he escapes .
Amartya Sen was critical of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he was announced as the prime ministerial candidate by the BJP .
Paul tries to comfort Heathcliff , but he vows revenge on Hindley .
Hareton tries to be kind to Cathy , but she withdraws from the world .
Obi-Wan visits Yoda to learn of Anakin 's whereabouts , but he refuses to give him the location as he knows that he will kill him .
Six weeks before the Championships , Blankers-Koen gave birth to Fanny Junior , but this had not stopped her from resuming training shortly afterwards .
Bill finally is sent overseas and Jack tearfully runs after his departing train to tell him goodbye .
Horus fought battles against Set , until he finally achieved victory and became the ruler of Egypt .
Heracles freed Theseus from the stone , but the earth shook when he attempted to liberate Pirithous .
George III initially humoured Gordon , but he grew increasingly irritated with him and eventually refused any future audiences .
Alice has no definite information about the weather where Rachel lives , but she knows general trends .
Although Dorothy loves Jane , she breaks up with her because she believes that she does not love her .
Barbara disapproves , and plans to marry Emma , but Pierre whisks her away in a speedboat .
Emma promises to teach Sophie magic if she agrees to have sex with her .
Archer would occasionally leave Porthos in the care of Dr. Phlox when he was away or otherwise unavailable .
Peck agreed to portray Mengele only because he had wanted to work with Olivier .
The musician is too badly shaken up to answer Nick 's questions , though Nora 's presence seems to calm him down .
Mr. Bagby fires Hector , but he reinstates him when he discovers that Mr. Sykes has been arrested for gambling with company money .
David Cameron later accused Gaitskell of betrayal when he publicly condemned the military operation in November .
Pierre attempts to put Aguirre in chains , but he and a soldier loyal to him are shot .
Elizabeth later breaks up with Erica when she finds out he is cheating on her .
Trin later caused the death of the Nandorin elf Saeros , after the latter gave him a mortal insult .
Though Morgoth feared Fingolfin , he had to accept the challenge or face shame in the eyes of his servants .
Montoya still had a contractual relationship with Williams and after his impressive rookie season the Grove-based team were keen for him to drive for them in Formula One .
Alice heads out looking for Jessica when she does not return .
Rod Steiger wanted to play Max Cady , but he backed off when he heard Mitchum was considering the role .
Lionel Barrymore had been first picked to play Davidson , but was thought to be too ill at the time , though he did eventually win the role .
Malebranche was strongly influenced by Descartes but he did not accept his philosophy uncritically .
Neda falls in love with Rita even though there are rumors that she is Van Tuyl 's mistress .
Doctor initially told Kennedy the tumor was inoperable , but he looked around for other opinions and decided on the most aggressive and exhausting course of treatment possible .
Jessica tries to restore Razel , but she turns her into a rook instead .
Giuseppe Zangara was the assassin of Chicago mayor Anton Cermak , though United States Presidentelect Franklin D. Roosevelt may have been his intended target .
Souness thanked Platini , but declined the offer , citing dressing room harmony as his reason .
While Mark deliberates whether to trust Dimble , he is found by police and arrested for Hingest 's murder .
Emperor Taizong spared Ashina Duobi but he detained him at Chang ` an , and he considered what to do with the Eastern Tujue people .
The major-general was named as one of the king 's judges , but , like Fairfax , did not take his place .
Calchas could n't equal Mopsus ' skills as a seer , being a son of Apollo and Manto , so he died .
Charles becomes suspicious of Brian , but he keeps his thoughts to himself .
Paul Scofield was Lean 's first choice for the part of Shaughnessy , but he was unable to escape a theatre commitment .
Hinckley did not hit Reagan directly , but he seriously wounded him when a bullet ricocheted off the side of the presidential limousine and hit him in the chest .
Nathan warns Vince that if he does n't return the money he will tell Rod .
Kuwabara is friends with Toya Meijin , but rivals Ogata , whose challenge he defeats .
Gullit was replaced by Bruce Arena , but he was not able to lead LA into a play-off spot , for the third-straight season .
Paul tries to comfort Zack , but he rejects him and heads back to base with the intent to DOR himself .
Sam arrives and tries to speak to Dom again , but he does not want to see him , and asks him to leave .
Juliana did n't trust Katie when she drunk alcohol hence they had made the pact .
James invites Jordan to a three-on-three match but when he declines , he questions his loss of talent .
Bill Murray was considered for the role of Pat Healy , but the Farrelly brothers thought he was too old for the part .
Poulidor was no match for Merckx , although he offered much resistance .
John Kennedy had a speech drafted calling for the censure of McCarthy but he never delivered it .
Moco 's thug capture Azul on the street but let him go when he learns that the case he is carrying contains only a guitar .
Paul said Rodman was selfish about rebounding , but he deemed him a hard worker and coachable .
A king of the Skookum Benches offers a large sum for possession of Buck , but Thornton has grown fond of him and declines .
Kracklite becomes obsessed with the historical Caesar Augustus after hearing that Livia , his wife , supposedly poisoned him .
The United States president is aware of the Kingpin 's crimes , but has never been able to prove his involvement .
Ayatollah Hussein Ali Montazeri was among the few people in the government in support of Banisadr , but he was soon stripped of his powers .
McGreevey was criticized for appointing as homeland security adviser Golan Cipel , because he lacked experience or other qualifications for the position .
Initially , then Minister of Defense Pinhas Lavon refused to release Zichroni , though he was eventually discharged from the army reserves .
The king planned to arrest Pausanias in the street , but he was warned of this plan and escaped to the temple of Athena of the Brazen House .
Henchard feels threatened by Farfrae , particularly when Elizabeth-Jane starts to fall in love with him .
Gareth was knighted by Lancelot himself when he took upon him the adventure on behalf of Dame Lynette .
Mayor Riley supported Menotti so strongly that he threatened to withdraw city support for the festival if Menotti were pushed out .
Arnold Schwarzenegger endorsed Taliaferro for re-election , but Broward soon entered the race against him .
Paul offers to accompany Seth , but he declines and gives him some cash before they go their separate ways .
Enraged , Harry tries to strangle Johnny , but can not bring himself to kill him .
Ibn Kathir began an explanation of Sahih Al-Bukhari , but he did not finish it .
Masuo tries repeatedly to court Jean , but every time he seems to make progress , something inevitably goes wrong .
John is unable to find Fred , but Dede discovers him back at their apartment and embraces him .
Dietrich missed Jad , but Jad did not miss Dietrich , killing him .
Knuckles defeats Thrash , but ultimately fail to prevent him from escaping , and thus lost his chance to bring his people back .
Akiyama then contacted the Assistant Secretary of the Navy , Theodore Roosevelt , but his pleas to be allowed to attend the Naval War College were refused .
Daredevil scans the prisoner Mueller and he finds not three but dozens of murders he committed .
Lochley wants to ask President Sheridan , but Delenn says she has already discussed it with him , and he agrees .
The kid finds the restaurant where Mike was supposed to take Chris to and discover he is there with another girl .
Andre is desired by Eliot , but all he is interested in is money .
Gareth overcomes the Green Knight , but spares his life in return for the knight 's swearing to serve him .
Celine attempts to contact the resurrected Juliana , but seeing she has no memory of her previous life , she decides to leave her alone .
Freya is attracted to Jack O'Neill , although her symbiote prefers Daniel Jackson .
Van Helsing continues to hypnotize Mina but his ability to have influence over her diminishes each day .
Montholon is known to have despised and flouted Las Cases , though in later writings he affected to laud his services to Napoleon .
Raine learns from von Hammersmark , after forcefully interrogating her , that Hitler will attend the premiere and decides to continue the mission .
Conan was a legitimate contender for the title of Duke of Normandy , so he became a serious rival to Duke William .
The next day Lou Piniella announced that when Zambrano returned , he would be moved back to the bullpen .
Aubrey wants to marry Sophia , but she delays making a firm engagement .
Felicia tried to wish Mysterio to go away , but instead she accidentally caused the key to create a massive explosion .
Meryl Streep was also offered the part of Michelle but declined because she did n't like the tone of the film .
Dumbledore covers up for Harry , but escapes as Fudge orders his arrest .
Salman shows some hostility towards Brenda , mostly because she is an American .
Millie begins to fall for Jimmy , but sees him summon Miss Dorothy from her room for a late night rendezvous , and assumes the worst .
Hunter Rose becomes increasingly impressed with Batman but is still able to pull off his crime .
The Kennedys wanted the seat to go to younger brother Edward , but he was ineligible due to age at the time of the appointment .
Hannah tries to reconcile with Steven , but he does not let her in , giving her a hard interrogation instead .
Jennifer Youngs did not begin playing Ingrid until the character 's second appearance ; the first time the character appeared , she was played by Ashley Jones .
Johnson refused to work with Sellecca , so she was fired and paid off .
Wood not only advocated for the Native Americans , but he painted them .
Brindsley quickly pulls Harold into the flat so that he will not go into his own and discover the thievery .
Henley calmed Corll , promising to participate in the torture and murder of both Williams and Kerley if Corll released him .
Sharapova was supposed to play Aliz Cornet but she was suffering from a viral illness .
Police speculate that Newborn may have been trying to escape when he was killed .
Jim Carrey was originally cast as Stu Shepard , but he dropped out .
Johnson was trained by Curtis Frye , at the University of South Carolina where he served as a volunteer assistant coach .
Johnson was trained by Curtis Frye , at the University of South Carolina where he served as a volunteer assistant coach .
Petrarch was not able to read Plato directly , but he greatly admired him .
Leonora wanted Edward but lost him and married the normal Rodney Bayham .
Den was murdered by Chrissie after she , Zoe and Sam confronted him about his manipulation of lies regarding the three of them .
Linda was played by Liza Tarbuck , well known as a television presenter rather than as an actress , although she had originally trained as such .
Shatterstar attempts to kill Arcade , but he only destroys a robotic double .
This was due to Joseph having discovered that Khanduja was still married , although having told her he had been divorced for two years .
Hawley plans to accompany Emile , but first he has to end his affair with Wanda .
Astrov arrives , having been sent for by Sonya , but the professor refuses to see him .
Sharon is distraught at nearly losing Phil and when he regains consciousness , he persuades her to put her anger aside and give their marriage a try .
Shi Kefa himself was killed by the Manchus when he refused to switch his allegiance to the Qing regime .
Tamora eloquently begs for the life of Alarbus , but Titus refuses her plea .
Nina still loved Cliff , but she knew they had no chance at happiness as long as Sybil held their unborn child as a bargaining chip .
Simba reluctantly agrees , but does not trust Kovu because of his prior likeness to Scar , and continues to treat him coldly .
Antonio tries to pay for Angellica , but Pedro steps up and declares that he was there first .
Arteta was ecstatic at the prospect of partnering Alonso in midfield but his excitement was short lived .
Eventually , Mike finds that Jonnie was killed because he came close to finding the truth .
Jehnna expresses romantic interest in Conan , but he rebuffs her and declares his devotion to Valeria .
Cecilia was described as the most beautiful of the daughters of Gustav I , and were frequently mentioned because of her beauty .
Captain Bravo tries to kill Kazuki , but Tokiko finds him alive .
Sylvie tries to kill Jake again , but is stopped by Tim who speaks with his own voice for the first time .
Starr had asked right guard Jerry Kramer whether he could get enough traction on the icy turf for a wedge play , and Kramer responded with an unequivocal yes .
Leiva attempted to discourage the rioter Pancho Planes , but he entered the hall as well .
Eric is still obsessed about Olga , but sees her only occasionally .
Moretti also attempts to apologize to Abby , but she coldly rebuffs him .
Shemp was thrilled to be away from Healy but , as was his nature , worried incessantly about brother Moe and partner Larry .
Bass was able to elude the Texas Rangers until a member of his gang , Jim Murphy , turned informant .
Philip Blake has loved Caroline but his rejection by her has turned this to hatred .
Bubbles turns himself in to the police and tries to hang himself , but he survives and is taken to a detox facility .
Policemen track the gangster down but the wife gives him a false alibi .
Mrs. Bessie is an ardent Whig and a confidante of Samuel Adams , but she nonetheless remains loyal to her Tory employers .
Mika Hkkinen had been leading Villeneuve after the start but his engine failed yet again , before he even managed to complete the first lap .
Hkkinen caught up with Jean Alesi quickly , but was stuck behind him for several more laps .
Hkkinen tried to attack Senna but ran into the back of him .
Mansell began to attack Senna and after the stops got ahead of him .
Arnoux continued to chase down Jones until he suffered fuel pressure problems and dropped down to sixth place , and handing second back to Villeneuve .
Clea asks Fin if Olivia is coming back , to which he replies that he does n't know .
Talia has saved the life of Batman or helped him on numerous occasions .
Miguel stops Anya from going after Jade alone with the promise that Anya can punish him afterwards .
Mori acknowledged the influence of Le Corbusier but believed he had surpassed the Swiss architect 's urban designs , particularly in the Roppongi Hills project .
Godfrey Cass is now free to marry Nancy , but continues to conceal the fact of his previous marriageand childfrom her .
Sano found out about Mizuki when her brother came to Japan .
Sadly , Clemens discovers Livy is one of the dead when her body washes up on deck .
Kabanicha announces that Tichon must go , but not before instructing Ka how to behave in his absence .
Busch died before Sasha arrived but his son-in-law Rudolf Serkin was still very active and the two men became staunch friends .
Mary patiently watched over Charles when he was drunk , just as he had always watched over her .
Prost retired whereas Senna rejoined after being push-started and pitted to replace his front wing , trailing Nannini in the race .
Pathan women then squatted and urinated directly into the mouth of the man until he drowned in the urine , taking turns one at a time .
Once alone , Bosco attempts to seduce Angela , although she resists his advances .
Henry advises Marian to find out if Jack is married before she gets involved with him .
Ian is obsessed with Sara , but his erratic behavior disturbs her .
Rebecca threatens Frank until , panicked , he turns over Evies phone number .
David truly loved and trusted Vicky now , where before he had been hostile and spiteful toward her .
Marinovich was born Marvin Scott but his mother later changed his name to Todd Marvin .
Cardinals manager Tony LaRussa admired McEwing so much that he requested a pair of the player 's spikes upon the trade .
Journalist Jack Anderson speculated that Watergate Special Prosecutor Archibald Cox had been fired because he had started to investigate Rebozo 's role in Nixon accepting covert payments .
While Raj has always been attracted to the vivacious Tina because she is so beautiful , he is completely unaware of the quiet Pooja 's love for him .
Hammond asks Ellen if this is true , and she says no .
Von Graum still has Ludmilla , so Smith comes back for her .
Leo is in love with Anya , but Harry knows that she is only pretending to reciprocate .
Matthew is attacked by Wendy , until she recognizes him as a high school classmate .
Yoshi could not save Tang Shen from being murdered , but did save his sons .
Singer shows up and tries to kill the Aliens , but thanks to Agent Rentro , he can not and is laughed at .
Terry followed Hoke cautiously , worried about being surprised by an ambush or by a flank attack from his right .
Rathmullan was initially granted to Sir Ralph Bingley but was soon passed to his son-in-law , Bishop Knox .
Libby is questioned about Darren , but she avoids talking about him and attacks Karl about his past infidelity .
Darren tries to reconcile with Libby , but she insists that their relationship is over .
Dirk applies for the Legion , as Sun Boy , but is rejected as he has only demonstrated his ability to generate light .
Kat then breaks up with Anthony again after realising he is not who she wants .
Nanami has feelings for Makoto , but she 's never really had the opportunity to talk about a relationship with him .
Ivaylo tried to ally with Nogai , but Nogai had him murdered , and made the new Bulgarian Emperor George Terter his vassal .
Dunning goes as far as to say that raising awareness of Kony was not even useful , as law enforcement groups had been after him for years .
Angered Manfred then decides to kill Isabella but accidentally kills his own daughter .
Kalinger Senior also finds Ellen appalling , but Kalinger Senior is delighted and decides to marry her .
Wade comes to see Daisy , but the most he gets out of her is a smile .
Though Gino tries to avoid Rosetta , he can not help but eventually fall in love with her .
Yuri is initially cold towards Tatsuya , but eventually warms up to him .
Llywelyn then appealed to King Edward II to call off or control his self-interested agent .
Because Lorelai became pregnant with Rory when she was only sixteen , the two are more like friends than mother and daughter .
Peter had not realised how old Helen was until he sees her daughter .
Kat is furious and decides not to get together with Alfie , so as not to break her sister 's heart .
Although Kat tells Michael to leave , he stays because he has friends locally .
Tirpitz was recalled by Wilhelm II , and after he returned to Berlin he lost interest in East Asia : he was now developing a battle fleet .
Later , Kirsten ostracizes Julie after suspicions about the business and fires her after she uncovers that it has become a prostitution ring .
McMurray congratulated Menard publicly after the race when he was interviewed about his finish .
When Princess Anne married Timothy Laurence after having divorced Mark Phillips , she chose to do so in the Church of Scotland .
Walter asks Regina if she wants to go with him , but Regina does not want to leave Owuor .
Daji attempts to seduce Boyi Kao but he rejects and ridicules her .
Joyce then tries to attack Harold and so he stabs her to death too .
Duncan broke up with Veronica because of this , but did not explain his reasons for doing so .
Erik stays with Linda , knowing that not only will Gail be angry , but she will not let him visit Dexter in the hospital .
Dante eventually proposed to Felicia , although he was still in love with Bridget .
Steven is bummed out , but Gabriella is so upset that she decides to leave Cancn and return to England .
Yvonne tells Charlie but he does not believe her until he catches Nick with some of the money Ronnie used to bribe him .
Later , Foster appeals to Helen to forget Rolfe , but she refuses .
Amda Seyon 's courtiers demanded that Sabr ad-Din be executed , but he instead granted him relative clemency and had the rebellious governor imprisoned .
El Akir tries to find Barbara , but she is hidden by a sympathetic harem girl .
Tchaikovsky replied defensively to Taneyev but was appreciative of his candor .
Adeline advises Juan to get married , but he acknowledges the women he is attracted to tend to be already married .
Sidney then turns to Susan and promises that , if she hires him , hell make her a star with one mention in JJ .
The Doctor tells the monks to flee so that he can defeat the Intelligence .
The elder Mackenzie used to beat Golly , especially after he had been drinking .
Justine occasionally visits Archie , but he starts to take a fancy to local school headteacher Katrina Finlay .
Roman citizens cheered on the flight of Gracchus but would not assist him .
The Xhosa warriors were reluctant to attack a woman and child and so allowed her to pass and resupply the troops .
Ozzy decided to part ways with longtime guitarist Zakk Wylde because he thought his music was beginning to sound too much like Black Label Society .
Johnny wants to marry Constance , but she can not forget her husband .
Andrea has to decide whether to stay with Miranda or go to her friend .
Barbara told Metz to say no more , until she could speak to Krausert herself .
When Winifred threatens to kill Dani if he does , Max drinks the potion .
Coonan only knew Featherstone casually , but he gave him his handgun without question .
Kat is determined to win Alfie back , but he is now in a relationship with Little Mo. .
Kat is initially furious with Ronnie , but forgives her when she is sentenced to three years in prison .
While searching for Laurie , nurse Jill is killed when Michael stabs her in the back with a scalpel .
Christina was concerned that Charles was unmarried , and so she suggested the match .
Meanwhile , Priya also comes to know that Krishna is Krrish when she sees the footage from her video camera .
Mary supports Joe , but urges him to accept any role to get his foot in the door .
The Clown is then pursued by the two detectives , after he urinates on their car .
Maertens said Gimondi won because he pushed him into the barriers at the finish .
Tiberius married Julia , but first had to divorce Vipsania Agrippina , the woman he dearly loved .
Sarah tries to throw herself at Wayne , but he 's wary after all his bad experiences with women .
Lizzie continued to be there for Bill though , and even bent over backwards trying to help him when he lost his eyesight in an explosion .
An apologetic Bill tried to caress and comfort Lizzie , but she was still upset with him , and tried to just bluntly tell him there was no baby .
Disillusioned , Ben attempts to imprison Sarah , but she tells him that only a Wiccan could defeat her .
According to Ali , Osmani was not promoted because he was Bengali and deemed untrustworthy by the high command .
Clara proposed to Albert but he turned her down , saying he was too set in his ways .
Jim goes to stay with Carol after she is taken ill , but he suffers a stroke while he is there .
Marguerite can not understand how Percy is so drastically different from the man whom she married .
Joan is in a relationship with Hollywood lawyer Gregg Savitt , but her career is in a bit of a downswing .
At first , Glenda appears excited to see Danny ; but immediately she starts yelling that he ca n't just drop in and everything will be all right .
White has published a book about Cardinal Bernardin , but he has yet to publish a book of his work outside the religious realm .
Jennifer tries hard to seduce Wallace without magic , but though he is strongly attracted to her , he refuses to put off his marriage .
Sudesh Berry was considered for the role of Rahul but after a screen test the director decided he did n't fit the role .
King survived with the help of Aborigines until he was rescued in September by Alfred William Howitt .
Jinx is trying to run away from Jasper but the cat keeps grabbing the mouse 's tail to keep him from running anywhere .
Fellows did challenge Stewart on the final restart but all of his speed was worn out by his charge through the field .
Lubaba wounded Abu Lahab so severely that his head was split open , laying bare part of his skull .
Catherine tries to win Jim back , but he rebuffs her , saying he is going to marry Gilberte .
Milly asks Eric if he really can fly , and he smiles and nods his head .
Black is forced to play into White 's hands , whether he likes it or not .
Jeremy attempts to have one last liaison with Mirabelle before leaving , but she spurns him due to her relationship with Ray .
Sixshot seemed to accept and blasted the Terrorcons - but when the smoke cleared he had merely shot around them .
Thorne finally identifies Bruce Wayne as Batman after acquiring photos of him changing costume from reporter Vicki Vale .
The mercenaries manage to capture the drug lord , but his men are trying to set him free .
D'valos may have listened to the tempter , but in act he was loyal .
Now Brihaspati asked Vayu , the wind god to transport him through the air so that they could choose a perfect spot for the installation .
Kai loses the subsequent match against Spencer , but he was proud to longer be Voltaire 's puppet .
At first Luca seems untrusting of Cecil , but like the other dwarves , she learns to accept them .
Armstrong managed to get away from Ullrich , but he could not further overtake Laiseka and Cardenas .
Buffy tells Spike not to leave because she is n't ready for him not to be there .
Beth soon moved into the boarding house to try to get away from Bradley , but he got a court order and forced her to return home .
Alex had become extremely protective of Phillip and Beth and when she found out about the rape , she made sure Bradley was arrested .
Beth angrily rejected Phillip , but did n't tell Lujack the reason because she did not want to cause any more bad blood between them .
Phillip believed Beth to be dead , so he moved on with the scheming Blake Thorpe .
Instantly suspicious , Tina and Rita confront Norris and ask if he is a transvestite .
Buffy does n't want Riley to feel unwanted , so she offers to let him help her with the spell .
Vince Lombardi later congratulated Robinson , but in the next breath criticized him for being out of his assigned position .
Bree discovers that Andrew has started drinking again , so much so that his husband leaves him .
At first suspicious , Bree decides to break up with Chuck when he tries to propose .
Cassandra calls on Volkerps , but he kills her and then turns his eyes to Nino .
Li Shishi quickly becomes enamoured with Yan Qing , but Yan subtly resists her sexual innuendos to ensure that his mission is not compromised .
Poirot wires back to arrest Mrs Middleton at once but she disappears before this can happen .
Sally becomes attracted to Brad Armstrong , but is disappointed to learn he is marrying Emily Vincent .
Schillinger proposes to Whittlesey that if she helps him kill Tobias Beecher , he will pay her handsomely and keep her secret .
Reedburn was in love with Valerie although his feelings were not reciprocated .
Nora makes a move on Tom but he swears he does not want anything more and tells her he loves his wife .
Russell tries to comfort Julia , but she accuses him of being a heartless administrator .
Julian is thrilled when Eve is acquitted , but is later horrified to learn that the agreement he signed with Rebecca prevents him from divorcing her .
Rahul intended to surprise Pooja , but upon his arrival , he found her in Karan 's arms .
Allyson rushes to try to find Danny , but she only manages to speak to him the following morning .
Tony makes advances on Karen , but she resists due to her attachment to Brian .
Martha MacKenzie is often frosty towards Jack but he refuses to give up on her .
Sophia apologizes to Jimmy , but he is so upset that he takes one of the new cars and races it out of the convention center .
Marie found Charles common and repulsive , but since he advertised himself as the owner of a palatial estate , she agreed to marry him .
Paul is initially hostile towards Madge , but he eventually warms to her .
Nonetheless , Harry remains with Ruth until the night he learns that she had a fling with his high school nemesis , Ronnie Harrison .
Denney persisted though , and Wolcott was appointed , resigning his U.S. Senate seat .
Styles , according to Sessum , responded by threatening him with arrest if he did not tell a story consistent with Acreman 's .
David is eventually taken in by Tina , but she then throws him out as he continues to sponge off her .
Fontan was caught by the Spaniard Salvador Cardona , but his second place in the stage gave him the lead in the general classification .
Ali started to develop feelings for Nicole , but he never managed to tell how he felt about her as she had fallen for Justin .
Simon ignores Leanne and walks out and when he comes home , he locks himself in his bedroom .
Yvonne tells Charlie but he does not believe her until he catches Nick with some of the money Ronnie used to bribe him .
Grant attempts a reconciliation with Tiffany , but she decides she wants a divorce .
Ernie is unable to fool the General 's wife , Lady Margaret , but he is able to deceive the officers at a regimental party .
Willy is returned to an overjoyed Ethel , although she has to pay the man in order to get him to relinquish ownership .
Janine has sex with Danny but tells him that it is a one off .
Peltier and David Hill later had Aquash participate in bomb-making so that her fingerprints would be on the bombs .
Nell confesses that after Philip died , she tried to kill herself with a razor .
Jed pulls Nell away , but she slips away in the confusion when the hotel detective arrives .
Julia eventually fires Quentin , and discovers soon after that she is pregnant .
Lisa discovers that Apu will not have to leave if he can pass a United States citizenship test .
DeMille later claimed that Goudal was so difficult to work with that he eventually fired her and cancelled their contract .
Historians implied that Empress L was also executed , although her fate was not explicitly stated .
Raymondo now tries to woo Edilia , but she is still in love with Osman .
Hallums did not appeal to American President Bush but did to Libyan president Muammar Gaddafi to help earn his release .
Jackie heads to the meeting to kill Shrote , but he is instead captured by his men following a shootout .
However , Shayne does not believe that Emily has killed herself , so he continues searching for the real killer .
Isabella also worried that John would grow up pampered and wilful if he lacked peers and companions of his own age .
After Mrs. Reed dies , Jane ponders what to do next , when she hears an anguished and beloved male voice from thin air calling her name .
After Madonna was cast as Eva Pern , LuPone was then approached to play the role of Eva 's mother , but she declined .
Anna Dalassene consented to this but forced Kosmas to resign immediately afterwards ; he was succeeded by Eustratios Garidas .
At first Melissa does n't like Abby , but in time she overcomes that and becomes friends with Abby .
Esaias was not related to Willem van de Velde , but he was the cousin of Jan van de Velde .
Viv attempts to stay faithful to Vic at first when she is initially tempted .
Naser al-Din Shah Qajar nicknamed Mohammad Hosein , Foroughi , after hearing a poem that he had written .
Though innocent , Jack remained concerned that Annie would not return , though she eventually did and was deeply apologetic .
Huang Yaoshi agrees that Mei Chaofeng has been duly punished since she has lost her sense of sight and her husband .
Robert does not want Chrissie to find out so pushes Katie and murders her .
Gypsy Moth asked Carpenter if she was related to the Spider-Woman she had encountered previously ; Carpenter stated that she was not .
Kelly Marie decides to move in with Alex , after he buys a new bed for Callum .
The Punisher interrogates prisoners and when finished he executes them via an electric chair-like molecular disintegrator .
Terry and Sam then ask Julia if she has experienced any return of the night terrors , which Julia denies .
Katie threatens Daz , telling him he will be put into care if he says anything .
Robert angrily pushes Katie but the floor collapses and she falls into the basement , breaking her neck .
Also , Chrissie breaks up with Robert , after finding out about his role in the robbery from Adam 's half-brother Ross .
Harry is still in love with Mary Jane but he hides his feelings behind a rich playboy exterior .
The girls argued with the foreman , but he insisted that it was against the religious convictions of the cemetery to bury mutants .
Mike goes to see how Felicia is doing and asks if she knows where he might be able to find Zach .
The policeman asks Akakiy embarrassing questions , as if he were a criminal .
Chvez 's forces , however , had failed to take Caracas since he remained inside the Military Museum .
Henry Algernon Percy was well looked after and brought up at the court of King Henry VII , while his sisters ' marriages were the object of careful negotiation .
Bambi gets into another fight with Ronno when he sees him bothering Faline .
Adama briefly seized Dulo , though the Mandara counterattack soon drove him from the kingdom 's borders .
Abdul Hamid was called Lahori because he was from Lahore , Punjab in modern Pakistan .
Ann goes to the cellar looking for Bob , but Freudstein decapitates her after slashing her throat .
Zifnab senses that Haplo is very important even though he is a Patryn .
Damien also seems to have a crush on Nancy , but he fails to talk to her .
Adham Khan tried to take possession of Baz Bahadur 's Hindu mistress Rani Roopmati also , but she killed herself by consuming poison .
Kate tries to talk to Jeremy , but even a lack of car does not stop him .
Stuart was banned from bowling for the remainder of the innings by umpire John Hampshire after delivering two high , fast full-tosses in his first three balls .
According to director Jiang Wen , Ma is initially very fearful but does not know the origins of his fear .
Evans was influenced by the works of Karl Rensch , Ernst Mayr and Thomas Huxley , but he was not comfortable with the ideas of phylogenetic classification .
Steve fires Stavi , but hires him to work around his apartment .
Cassandra becomes obsessed with Simon , but suffers feelings of guilt since he is Rose 's fianc .
Lucy is proved right and Paul is disappointed , so she takes him to Ramsay Street and gets him to open up to her .
Janice was disgusted with Les when he drank the money she 'd saved for their electricity bill , and the power was cut off .
Shan is apparently killed after being strangled by the possessed Pinky but his lucky charm saves him .
Cancellara then rode in support of team leader Chris Horner until the seventeenth stage , where he abandoned the race in order to focus on the World Championships .
The President refused to call the Board of Trustees to meet because he knew they would admit new traditionalist , members and obtain control of the congregation .
Fearnley was asked by Moss if he wanted to become a permanent member of a band in which he sometimes played , Culture Club .
Tas was initially immune to Phobia 's powers , because his bestial nature was so near the surface .
Because the BFG refuses to eat people or steal food from humans , he subsists on a revolting vegetable known as a ` Snozzcumber ' .
Kang loved Ravonna , but she hated him due to his attempt to conquer the kingdom .
Hunters were sent in to kill the tiger , but she managed to evade them .
Herb is also in love with Sissi , although he ca n't tell her because she has crushes on various people including Ulrich and Theo Gauthier .
Poirot claims to suspect Ruth because he suspected Ms Lingard would rescue her daughter and confess , and he had no evidence against Ms Lingard .
Patrick tries to tell Denise but suffers a stroke before he can .
Becca is further upset by Bradley after the wedding when he tells her he and Stacey are planning to live together and that she should get a boyfriend .
Although elderly , Morda is stronger than Taran , but his strength finally snaps the bone in desperate fury to regain it .
Dubuche is not half as bold as Claude and , although a painter , finds music to be his passion .
The Norwegians begged the king to refuse , but he would not break his word and gave orders to proceed .
Mads is very nervous about Ellen , since her father-in-law had lucrative business dealings with the Germans and has been arrested as a collaborator .
Ayesha Takia was offered the role of Nikki , but she refused because of the intimate scenes .
Will Alvin allow Eleanor to join , or will he let his male ego get the better of him ?
Chloe is nanny to Jean Tate but neglects her so she and Syd can have sex .
Maggie tries to cheer Bart up but he ended up calling Los Angeles .
Declan proposes twice to Katie but she turns him down on both occasions .
Karan is in love with Tanya but is too shy to tell her .
Ida becomes jealous and attempts to drown Terry , but Vincent arrives to save her .
Ida becomes jealous and attempts to drown Terry , but Vincent arrives to save her .
Both Muranians and Professor Beetson want to get rid of Autry , so he loses his radio contract and Radio Ranch is vacated .
Anne is forced to write to John and when he reads the letter , it triggers the bad blood that he inherited from his mother .
Mellish disliked Callaghan so much that he resigned from the cabinet within months of Wilson 's own retirement .
Gertie is not fond of Zach but can not say why because of her aphasia .
Kutuzov could have attacked Krasny immediately , but he chose not to .
Li Bai was said to have searched for Xu Xuanping , but could n't find him .
Napoleon wanted to regain the colony of Saint Domingue , but preferred to save his main French army for more important matters , closer to home .
However , Belle still wants Ric so she convinces Cassie to tutor Drew Curtis , while she unsuccessfully attempted to steal Ric back .
Cassie becomes close with Alex but is shocked when she discovers that he is dealing drugs .
After hearing all this Monet leaves Layla , so that she could have some space and collect her thoughts .
Turkistani admits being opposed to the Taliban , Al Qaeda and Osama bin Laden , but he denies that he was involved in any plots .
Ali ibn Abi Talib sent al-Harith ibn Murrah al-Abdi to investigate but he too was killed by the Kharijites .
Buffy hits Angel and when he hits her back , she is in utter shock .
Morris is killed by Dracula when he tries to stake the vampire in his coffin .
Kollar-Kotelly presided over the Espionage Act case against Dr. Stephen Jin-Woo Kim after he told a reporter that North Korea would test its nuclear program .
Jack tries to explain to Celia , but she ends their marriage and leaves for America with Darren .
Nancy sleeps with Rick again although the next morning she has regrets .
Jake pursues Becca and is delighted when she becomes his girlfriend .
Jake finally wins Nancy back after declaring his love for her in public .
Nancy struggles to accept Jake being back and is shocked when he reveals Hannah Ashworth had sent him letters .
Tony begins to avoid Mandy after seeing her , so she confronts him about why he left her abroad .
Tony then ends the affair with Sinead , and after speaking to Diane she agrees to get married again .
Souness thanked Platini , but declined the offer , citing dressing room harmony as his reason .
While Mark deliberates whether to trust Dimble , he is found by police and arrested for Hingest 's murder .
Emperor Taizong spared Ashina Duobi but he detained him at Chang ` an , and he considered what to do with the Eastern Tujue people .
The major-general was named as one of the king 's judges , but , like Fairfax , did not take his place .
Calchas could n't equal Mopsus ' skills as a seer , being a son of Apollo and Manto , so he died .
Charles becomes suspicious of Brian , but he keeps his thoughts to himself .
Paul Scofield was Lean 's first choice for the part of Shaughnessy , but he was unable to escape a theatre commitment .
Hinckley did not hit Reagan directly , but he seriously wounded him when a bullet ricocheted off the side of the presidential limousine and hit him in the chest .
Nathan warns Vince that if he does n't return the money he will tell Rod .
Kuwabara is friends with Toya Meijin , but rivals Ogata , whose challenge he defeats .
Gullit was replaced by Bruce Arena , but he was not able to lead LA into a play-off spot , for the third-straight season .
Paul tries to comfort Zack , but he rejects him and heads back to base with the intent to DOR himself .
Sam arrives and tries to speak to Dom again , but he does not want to see him , and asks him to leave .
Juliana did n't trust Katie when she drunk alcohol hence they had made the pact .
James invites Jordan to a three-on-three match but when he declines , he questions his loss of talent .
Bill Murray was considered for the role of Pat Healy , but the Farrelly brothers thought he was too old for the part .
Poulidor was no match for Merckx , although he offered much resistance .
John Kennedy had a speech drafted calling for the censure of McCarthy but he never delivered it .
Moco 's thug capture Azul on the street but let him go when he learns that the case he is carrying contains only a guitar .
Paul said Rodman was selfish about rebounding , but he deemed him a hard worker and coachable .
Angie wo n't take Flo , but he will take Darlene , who nonetheless insists on bringing Stash along .
Angel finds the dancers familiar since he saw the same people perform the first time he saw the show .
Banai was found by Dhangar shepherd , when she was abandoned on earth by an angry Indra .
Jason has two sons by Medea , but he later decides to opt out of his union with her in favor of a marriage to the Corinthian princess Glauce .
Once more the frogs appealed to Zeus , but this time he replied that they must face the consequences of their request .
Lurie claimed that Dennis Hopper was so high on sugar during his two-part episode that he was unable to concentrate long enough to fish .
Bill warms to an appreciative Peggy , although she tells him about her sordid past .
Novalee finally reunites with Willy after she finds out he was in accident , causing him to get his legs amputated .
Robic moved to Brittany when he was seven and lived at Radenac .
Ian throws Cindy out , so Liam hides her in his room , which Carol eventually discovers .
Aviation magnate Richard Williams is engaged to the much-younger Heather , but is unaware that she previously had an affair with his son , Chandler .
Debbie attempts to convince Cain to stay but he leaves and gives her some money .
Kagan proposed that Riesch failed to act more aggressively because he had lost faith in Mack 's ability .
Annie is arrested and assumes that Pete is responsible because he saw her load the merchandise into her locker .
Denise is initially hostile to Lucas , but she warns to him when she sees he has changed and they eventually reunite .
Denise eventually moved in with Ian when she fell out with her sister Kim Fox for a brief time .
Matthew comes in and tries to pull Saskia away but she pushes him away and continues strangling Steve .
Keijun received Miyabe Castle from Azai Nagamasa when he gave his support to the Azai clan .
Its possible that Malebranche also influenced George Berkeley , although he rejects any association with Malebranche beyond superficial similarities .
Jay later tells Abi , but then lies and says he made it up when he sees how upset she is .
Max attempts to reconcile with Vanessa , but she informs him that their relationship will never be serious .
Gil wants to hug Susanna , but he notices that the tobacco smell comes from Susanna 's clothes .
Johnny decides to flee to South America with Nancy , but not before brazenly cashing in his share of the casino .
Miki subsequently joins with Serge after he finds her on the S.S. Zelbess , bored after the performance .
Nigeria international Jayson Obazuaye was also brought in by Coach Jones , but his transfer fell through due to the club not receiving international clearance for the player .
Cathy realizes that Heathcliff has overheard , is overcome by guilt and runs out after him into a raging storm .
While former cabinet minister Joe Fontana is still supporting Kennedy , he has since resigned his seat in the House of Commons to run for Mayor of London .
Azuth is one of Mystra 's subordinates but he is also known to be a friend and advisor to her .
Murong Ke declinedpersuading Murong Jun that if his abilities were capable of ruling over the empire , then they were also capable of assisting the young emperor .
The doctor admonished the parents when he learned that they had consciously withheld the insulin .
Val forgives Amy but blames Eric for not backing her up and goes to visit her son .
Louie tries to kill Joy but she pleads and tells him that both of them were cheated on by their spouses .
Veronica attempts to visit Sean , but his father turns her away .
Franklin immediately becomes annoyed with Harriet when she throws a snowball , causing him to drop a large pile of presents .
Loki also approaches Namor , but he rejects the offer stating he is not a villain anymore .
Seneca had some personal reason for satirizing Claudius , because the emperor had banished him to Corsica .
Viki 's enemy Mitch Laurence had raped a drugged Viki when she was pregnant with Natalie .
Natalie becomes involved with FBI agent John McBain , but he feels guilt over Cristian 's death .
Afterwards , Malcolm then mentions what happens to Spath afterwards and debates whether he feels sorry for him or not .
Violet is a nerdy character who was originally dating Maxwell Nerdstrom , but she dumped him in favor of Screech , as Maxwell had treated her poorly .
Murong Yong personally engaged Murong Chui but was defeated , and he fled back to Zhangzi to try to defend the city .
Raja tries to rape Madhu , but Ajay saves and comforts her .
Vashuo was killed by Toorima when she betrayed Zion and joined the Cypherites .
The police intervene and arrest some demonstrators , including the migrant , although he was not participating in the rally .
Meanwhile , Brumfield was replaced by Lieutenant Colonel Alex Preece , after an old football injury forced his evacuation to Australia in mid-November .
Ernie Tagg sacked himself as manager of Crewe Alexandra because he felt that a younger manager should take charge of the club .
However , Louise is attracted to newcomer Matthew King and is unable to resist when he starts flirting with her .
Brenda is later angry with Terry when she discovers that her adopted daughter Gennie had slept with Bob whilst Viv was in prison .
However , Keikeya refused to escape with Roslin after the breakout , fearing her break with the military could cause serious fractures within the fleet .
Losing Natalie is going to be really difficult for Barry , but I think the hardest thing will be losing his son .
Sam despises Camilla , telling Bandini if he wants to win over Camilla , he has to treat her poorly .
The Mughal Emperor Akbar-e-Azam went to the shrine of Ashraf Jahangir Semnani , but on his travels he also felt inspired to see Chishti .
Fleurette loves Saphir but complains that he has not yet proposed marriage .
Sabina is trying to look for Argo and Ebrio , but to no avail , as she worries for their safety .
David agrees to keep this a secret from Bianca , but is forced to tell her when she tries to seduce him .
When Gage became pregnant and attempted to write to Ennis after he shipped out , he never responded .
Otto has a crush on Tabitha , but unfortunately , she finds him disgusting .
Smith has occasionally appeared live with Mirza and Thuja , but he remains an elusive solo permormer .
Sukhoviy challenged Doroshenko , but he was defeated at the battle of Olkhivets by the troops of Petro Doroshenko and Ivan Sirko .
Young Wilmot Bing loves Gwendolyne , but has recently smitten her father a juicy one on the leg for holding up play .
Controversial agent Rune Hauge has also worked for Martin , after being introduced to him by Blackburn Rovers former teammate Morten Gamst Pedersen .
Sean tries to stop Violet but she and Jamie speed away .
Paul falls madly in love with Malika , going insane when she does n't call .
The Committee expressed appreciation of Dr. Sahib services , but recommended that he take a six-month paid leave and then retire .
Hector thought Sandra was very familiar , but she did n't recognize him .
Gabrielle agrees to have a child with Carlos , but her miscarriage leads to complications , forcing them to consider adoption .
John attempts to win Gabrielle back , forcing her to question whether or not she still has feelings for him .
Victor manages to absorb Ursula , but Elton gets away from him .
Victor manages to absorb Ursula , but Elton gets away from him .
Darren tries to speak to Libby but Chelsea will not let him in .
Sonia supports Simon wholeheartedly until he uses her to his own advantage .
Nisha walks out on Prem since she needs the money to cure her ailing brother , who is suffering from cancer .
Mary later has a relationship with the married Mehmet Osman , but he is only using her to win a bet with his brother Ali .
Church traditionalists would not support an elected bishop and so there was no-one to consecrate him .
And Jessica couldnt see in Will Reynold 's eyes , where once there was anger , there now shone a love of his own .
The villagers attempt to have Connor executed , but he is instead exiled by the clan leader .
Mark saves Samantha , but she now considers him to be a wacko .
Hannah feels wooed by Patrick , but feels challenged by her standing love for Marty .
Rudd eventually escaped with the aid of Olidammara , but not before her mentor himself was briefly captured by the archmage .
Christopher had tried to stop Paulie from acting out , but he jumps in on Paulie 's side .
Baker was only slightly less conservative than Holloway , but Democratic voters apparently saw him as the lesser of two evils .
Ebony then becomes overprotective of Jay when Amber admits to falling for him .
Nadine breaks up with Nikolas when she realizes how attached he is to Rebecca .
Pamela wants to escape when Mrs. Jewkes is away , but is terrified by two nearby cows that she thinks are bulls .
Amelia becomes obsessed with Bill after sleeping with him but quickly becomes hurt and angry as he never calls her .
Tony attempts to comfort Janice , but seems more absorbed in memories evoked by his own mementos .
Nigel pursues Lorraine , but although she likes him , she is never interested in anything more than friendship .
Kai was hired again by Ron later , but he got fired again for slacking off .
Arthur seems more interested in dating Maxine at first , but rejects her as soon as he begins to become successful .
Raja is ultimately proved innocent and Chinnoy Seth is convicted after he blurts out the truth in court , thanks to Ravi .
Tanis finally catches up with Laurana , but before he can say much to her Kitiara arrives .
Marge attracts the attention of a senior bachelor , Mr Conroy , but she has led a sheltered life and is too shy to allow the romance to develop .
Marge attracts the attention of a senior bachelor , Mr Conroy , but she has led a sheltered life and is too shy to allow the romance to develop .
Historian Masudi was convinced that Bilqis could not have been fully human because she had a throne and led people .
Jigsaw was looking for a rematch with Sweeney , but he was more interested in the bigger Chikara names , such as Chris Hero and Mike Quackenbush .
Sweeney was pinned by Jigsaw , after his stable mate Spyrazul turned on him and then unmasked himself as Quackenbush .
Lou initially thinks Carolyn is stuck up , especially when she disagrees with his idea for Harold 's buck 's night .
Weevil ends up yelling at Molly when she doesnt give him any information .
Karl tries to distance himself from Sarah , but she falls for him .
Boyd and Heather help Summer when she is bullied on her paper round by Jacinta Martin .
Deverill reveals to Cassie that when he was alive he buried a small treasure in the floorboards of a house in town .
Lance reconciles with Amy , but she starts avoiding him and eventually reveals that she has been seeing Damien and that she is pregnant .
Hannah begins seeing Lance Wilkinson but ends the relationship when he brag about how far he has really gone with her .
Felicity Scully takes an interest in Billy , but realises that he is not over Anne and quickly backs off .
Anita asks Louis whether he knows any wererats who would be willing to participate in an interview with Elvira , and Louis offers to ask around .
Connor tries to keep a weakened Serena awake , but is unable to and she vanishes into the rough seas .
Just as Henry leaves , Charlene runs after him and tells him that Madge has changed her mind and he moves in with them .
Lyndon first felt attracted to Harriet when he learned how big her pants were .
Lyndon first felt attracted to Harriet when he learned how big her pants were .
Matt tries to flirt with Dee Bliss , but she is not impressed when she learns he is only nineteen .
Jones was offered the role of Pam after she attended a screen test .
Stuart began to grow suspicious of Sindi again when he found out that his friend , Trent Hoffa was hit by a car .
Pringle tried to arrange to have Wood manumit Prince , so she would have illegal freedom .
Dan walks away and Susan tries running after him , but she trips and falls .
Susan has doubts about employing Gemma Reeves , but Toadie persuades her to give his cousin a chance .
Since the linesmen are relatively far away from the referee , he or she is also responsible for observing the sidelines on his side of the field .
Nico wants to win Lupita back , but she rejects him for Santos .
Mr. Grinder arrives looking for Carboy and Ltitia , but the no one will help him .
Katie is angry with Todd but he assures her he will always visit her and Annette .
Ned moved in with Stephanie Scully when he was forced out of his home by his new housemates .
Tony then discusses Irina with Dr. Melfi and asks if she can find her a suitable therapist .
Furthermore , Prem is in love with Maya but believes that he is n't worthy of her .
Peavy was hired by Taylor after he dismissed his previous butler , Edward F. Sands , for forging his signature on checks .
Private Sparky tries to impress Annie , but she prefers the handsome Hurst and promises to come to him that night .
The juvenile courts had jurisdiction over the defendant until he was twenty-one .
Reimers was a bitter rival of Tycho Brahe after he tried to claim the Tychonic system as his own .
Ben is worried about leaving Ruth , but she assures him he needs to get to know Geoff .
Maciej finally agrees to kill Szczuka , but says that this will be the last order he will carry out .
Dorothy later married accountant Colin Burke , but he was later arrested for fraud and jailed .
Duncan smugly asides to Lois that if he loses , he 'll give her a two-week Hawaiian vacation .
Elaine locates Peterman , but he refuses to approve her purchases without seeing the hat .
Singer/actress Cher was originally cast as Mona Mondieu , but she backed out at the last minute .
Anita calls Ramirez naive and yet is saddened when he flinched as she removed the Red Woman 's Husband 's heart .
The man is able to find diamonds and pearls , but he fails to find a lark .
The role of Herb Tarlek was originally offered to the character actor Rod McCary , but he turned it down to appear in another series .
Susan manages to escape and tried to warn Mike , but he crashed into Dave 's car anyway .
Corday fatally stabbed Marat , though she did not attempt to flee .
Gang-du tries to explain this to others , but his protests go ignored by all except his family .
Gus says Lucille is dead because she could n't live with what she had done .
Munro had proposed to stand for Tamaki in but only if he was unopposed for the party selection .
Caitrin eventually agrees to surrender , and Loris is tried and executed , but not before he publicly reveals that Dhugal is Duncan 's son .
Ellie goes with Norman initially but runs away when he 's distracted .
Harrison falls in love with Phillipa there , but he illegally impregnates her and she is lobotomized for trying to escape .
Lauren promises to support Tanya , but struggles to cope with her mother 's illness .
Eventually , Lucas and the wasps drive the Exterminator away after stinging him in the butt .
Evan promises Eufemie that if she can cure Cador , he will grant her marriage to any available man in the kingdom .
Feeling betrayed , Sonny divorces Carly again but she agrees to be Kristina 's godmother despite their differences .
Manny probably strangled Hadley Marx as well , but he never confesses to it .
Sam wants to stay with Amelia , but ultimately decides to leave and give her the opportunity to reconnect with Don .
In the novel , Frank is convicted of killing Cora - ironically , since her death truly is an accident .
Amanda becomes suspicious of Jake when he starts to pull away from her , then shows up late to Lucy Hubbard 's christening .
Rosberg retired , whilst Montoya continued until he collided with a wall later in the race .
When Hel was defeated , Mani perished , but not before telling her sons how proud she was of them .
Selene sends Lutin down below , so that his mortal counterpart can replace him .
After returning , the Devil called out for Margerita , but his wife was nowhere to greet him .
Dio suggests that Ptolemy was executed because he had become too wealthy .
Eventually Marjorie tried to run away with Jimmy , but he refused , and frightened her with a display of his mental powers .
Malekith was ultimately defeated by Thor , but not before he destroyed the Casket of Ancient Winters , releasing magical frigid force all over the Earth .
Apparently Badalamenti waited to give to order to kill Peppino only after his father had died .
Janet is in love with Willie , but her father insists on her marrying a French lord .
Lucy is attracted to Glen after she arrives home and finds him wearing nothing , but a bath towel .
Glen is also attracted to Lucy , but he knows that she is his half-sister and he refuses to let anything happen .
Fergus goes through the mirror to try and help Constance but he gets sidetracked in the gold fields .
Knabe lost to La Mirada Mayor Wayne R. Grisham , but carried his home area .
Loki deserted Sigyn but she continued to be a devoted wife .
Cable and the Avengers battled the Harbinger , but he adapted to all of their attacks .
Xue participated in attacking Jiaozhi along with Yu Su , but he died on his return journey .
Jack continued to try to move in on Jennifer , but refused to admit that was what he was doing .
Jack later escaped to find Jennifer , after an alive Peter kidnapped her .
Thorne had a crush on Caroline Spencer , even though she was engaged to Ridge .
Thorne arrived and saved Brooke , but before he could get to Macy , the car exploded .
Johnston 's first volley killed several guerrillas , but then his men were overrun .
Vickie then tried to plead with Mysterio but accidentally shoved him off the ropes .
Drake is romantically attracted to Gwen but she plays mind games and teases him .
Cassandra tries to reconcile with Paul , but she dies in a car crash .
Julian Holloway was originally cast to play Roger , but a BBC strike delayed filming by a week and he was replaced by Ken Campbell .
The Bruins brought in Berthiaume but he did little to help , winning just one of the eight starts he made for Boston .
The pod people try to raid Matthew 's house , but he and his friends are able to escape .
Oron is punished , though not treated as severely as Keela , because of his having acted under duress .
Nick initially takes the blame for Sharon , but she admits the truth to Harold , who lets her keep her job .
Gonzy was originally a stowaway aboard the Gekko , but was allowed to stay in part because the others respect his abilities at fortune-telling .
Buffy defeats and stakes Malik , but fails to kill him , something she fails to realize .
Barbara did marry Dr. Vento , but he found her completely immature .
Don Romualdo is still willing to marry Emilia , but she rejects him .
Cathy meets Lindsey , but she becomes upset when Lindsay tells her that she wants to get on with her life .
Cathy is not happy that Rick wants to stay behind , but she gives him her blessing .
Gui falls in love with Mao after she helps him recover from his mental illness .
Kelly starts picking on Ayesha again , until Marie finally snaps at her telling her how stupid she is .
Omar shoots Mouzone , but lets him live after realizing things did n't add up .
Carla then realizes that Peter is innocent if he genuinely believed her to be guilty .
Michael befriends the recovered Irma but alienates her when he demands to know what happened on the Rock .
Jozi is friendly to Billoo , but her dad Colonel Three - not - Three does not like the boy and always points his gun at him .
Mabel fought Bundy and Bigelow , but he was counted out after clotheslining Bigelow out of the ring .
Batista went after Booker right when he was entering the ring .
Dr. Ibrahim allowed Ariri to try out only if he agreed to continue to play soccer .
Killer Shrike was present with Hobgoblin when he led his forces into battle against the Goblin King 's Goblin Nation .
Ketty attracts the unwanted attention of Captain Louis but she scratches him and throws him into the wall .
Maxie uses this to get to close to Kyle Ratcliffe , but when she refuses to sleep with him , Kyle lies claiming they slept together .
Proposition Joe is worried that Avon Barksdale might not be so keen to share his territory .
Russell suggests that Sobotka would talk if she approached him and Pearlman gives her the OK .
Corwin attempts to attack Boogedy , but he uses his magic to turn his assault against him .
Vicki becomes concerned about Anthony when she sees him watching Mikey assemble a gun .
Meanwhile , Luke is kidnapped by Heather , but is found by Anna just as [his] cabin is burning down .
Meanwhile , Luke is kidnapped by Heather , but is found by Anna just as the cabin he is being held in is burning down .
Orlando is arrested by narcotics cops when he tries to buy cocaine from an undercover officer , Troy Wiggins .
Ivan Moros loves Amanda so much that he endures the scorn she feels for him - as he fights to win her love .
Jennie is also there for Andrew when he and his father disagree .
Brady Hoke succeeded Rodriguez , but after four years of steadily declining results , was dismissed following his fourth season .
Elizabeth Hurley was to return to play Vanessa but she turned down the role after being busy with other films .
Warren tries to apologize to Rose , but she refuses to accept .
Warren tries to apologize to Rose , but she refuses to accept .
Leona served Pat well until the death of her mother meant that finances became pretty tight .
Bobby soon fires Marilyn so Morag Bellingham decides to give her a job .
Kerwin uncovers evidence implicating Jill ; but , when the police move to apprehend her , they discover her corpse .
Leene was heartbroken , and agreed to marry Ashley , but told him that she would always love Yuujel and could never love him .
Conlon 's career started with Queens Park Rangers but he moved to Manchester City before he had played a game .
The youthful team under coach Duan Ivkovi depended initially on leader Vassilis Spanoulis , losing games regularly when he was n't playing .
McNulty says that Wallace is dead , but D'Angelo does not believe him .
Darwin also becomes interested in Sonia , but she rejects his marriage proposal .
This resulted in Nagashima continuously raping Hinako , until she got pregnant .
This resulted in Nagashima continuously raping Hinako , until she got pregnant .
Karen starts having visions of where Bobby is , seeing he is unconscious and stuck in a box .
Sutton went on to campaign for Barack Obama after he secured the nomination .
Lucas even proposed to Sami , but with a caveat : she had to promise to redeem herself and never lie to him again .
Albert begins wooing Lisa but discovers that his brother Zak also has feelings for her .
Toby is transformed into a being resembling Jareth and when he returns to Mizumi , he declares his intention to tear down the Labyrinth and rebuild it .
Shortly after , Sophie becomes infatuated with Ryan Lee but he is not interested in her on the same level .
This is , as Roarke dryly comments to Mira , because he has no real past of his own .
Marilyn leaves the Bay with Phil , but three years later she returns and reveals that she has separated from Phil .
Baron Meliadus begins to court Yisselda , but she refuses to elope with him knowing that her father would not agree to their marriage .
Ken then reappears as a vision to Hayley when she attends the launch of Donald Fisher book , she helped illustrate .
Barrie does not give any description of Wendy , but she is generally depicted as a pretty girl with either blond or brown hair .
Frechette falls for Dillinger even after he reveals his identity , and the two become inseparable .
Lucy is ecstatic , but Pierre is concerned when he sees Thomas 's ring .
Richard is later contacted by Nova himself ; if he does not assist them , Shawn will be attacked as an enemy .
Roddy acts a lot like an older brother to Luna , especially when she tries to be overbearing on Ride .
Rachel then embarked on an affair with Jack Sugden after he comforted her and attended the funeral with her for support .
Uddhava was famous as devotee and a dear friend of Krishna but even he could not fathom why he had not prevented the destruction from happening .
Maggie was placed in the care of Father Forthill , so he could find a safe place for her to live .
This bishop intended to erect a seminary for the training of the clergy , but his death frustrated the plan .
Carrie is torn , but does love Hurstwood , so she decides to stay with him .
Kuti does not remember when Margaryan returned , but early in the morning he felt that someone had turned on the light .
Lee and Gililland attended to Kearney , but he died of his wounds .
Hancock is a member of The Flatlanders along with Joe Ely and Jimmie Dale Gilmore , but he has principally performed solo .
Pete flirts with a very receptive Jill , but when he asks about the circus 's profits , she is furious and slaps him .
Nancy still loves Bob , but he is off to join the Army and discovers that he ca n't quite get rid of Wilbur just yet .
However , Toyotomi Hideyoshi ordered Koremitsu to be killed when he was thirteen years of age for unknown reasons .
Ppel speaks with Vassilissa , regretting he never loved her but remembering their good times .
Kate begins a relationship with John Black , after helping him deal with a drug addiction .
Houston agrees , but Patrick 's parents are appalled when he asked them for permission .
Tina 's boss Pete Webster begins to sexually harass Tina , later playing mind games when she rejects his advances .
Penny offers Bennett drugs , but before she can accept , O'olish Amaneh appears and takes them home .
Meanwhile , a weakened Megatron tries to regain command of the Decepticons , but Shockwave easily takes him down .
High Court Justice Christopher Clarke ruled that Cherney might be assassinated or held on trumped-up charges if he tried to bring the case in Russia .
Patrick decides to move on with Sabrina when he proposes to her , and she accepts .
Jax tries to detain Jerry , but he is presumed dead in an explosion .
Marian walks in to find Harold and immediately gets upset because she still does n't trust him .
Horatio does n't believe Poque and says that if his boat truly has the N word on it , he 'll eat his hat .
Meanwhile , Kyoko is trapped by the vengeful spirit of Li Li , but Naoto is able to bring her to safety .
When Gray eventually ` comes out ' to Sam , he tells her he 's known all along , since they were young kids .
Mary still wants to marry Johnny , but at the wedding his cowardice comes out once more .
Wanda spends some time on the road with Norman , even though he becomes physically and emotionally abusive to her .
Reese tries to run to save Malley , but Dobbs tries to stop him .
AFL fans first knew of Dickfos when he made appearances in State of Origin matches , impressing for Queensland .
The Cutters attempt to capture the girl , but she escapes on a hoverboard with David 's help .
Genet treats Janey badly , but the worse he treats her the more she loves him .
Ann Bassett never saw Cassidy again after he first departed for South America .
Barney immediately falls for Cassie and strives to get better , if only to be able to see her in a setting outside the hospital .
Morgan and Duncan frantically try to save Sidana , but she dies almost instantly .
Parker is very protective of Lynette because of her being shot in the arm at the store , and he wont let her go to the supermarket .
Jubilant , Gandhi tries to reach Ram Mohan Rao , but realizes that he is leaving the country with his daughter .
Giulia decides to probe Blansac to see if he would make a good and faithful husband for her cousin .
Giulia is desperate for Dorvil to arrive so that she can explain the reason why she was questioning Blansac so closely about marriage .
Isabel was taking care of Mackinnon when he was in the boarding house .
Sally agrees to marry Mr. Bellmann , but he has to give Mackinnon the money for Sallys client .
Now Parker is upset with Carly and after a series of events he runs away .
David once again tried flirting with Jasmine , but she refuses to go any further than having a few drinks with him , and turned him down .
Hiranyakasipu banished Prahlada but then relented and allowed him to come home .
Anna tries again to live with Karenin , but can not get Vronsky out of her head .
Monique tries to speak to Jackie , but an enraged Fidel warns her to stay away .
Gauri decides to separate from Samar when she sees that he does n't trust her anymore .
Elly was told by John to stop worrying so much about her father and that they will welcome Iris .
Jack asks Estelle to call if she encounters any more fairies .
Infuriated , Diogenianus had Rufina strangled or beheaded and her body burned .
Carcetti is dubious about working with Davis , but Wilson convinces him that it may tip the balance .
Dulaney can not resist Carlson sexually but does not trust her .
Micah tries to stop Jessica , but is inadvertently pushed into a rock wall by her .
When Ringo breaks up with Naomi , after discovering that she stole his ID card , she does not take it well and blames Donna .
Freddy dives in to save Betty , but she goes under , where she begins to imagine she 's a mermaid .
Alphonse decides to kill Zampa , but he suddenly realizes that Zampa is in fact his long-lost elder brother , and that consequently he is unable to kill him .
The doctor asks Bugs if he drank the potion ; Bugs becomes insulted at the idea and leaves .
Gwalchmai tries to leave with Rhys , but Morgawse stands in his way .
Bobby broke off this engagement with Jenna after deciding that he wanted to marry his ex-wife , Pam .
Ralph kidnapped Kay after she returned from chaperoning at the prom , and tied her up in a motel room .
Earl Thorgny wishes to marry Princess Ingigerd , but she puts him off by pointing out that her father has not yet been avenged .
Van Alen had failed to enter into a contract with Walter Chrysler when he received the Chrysler Building commission .
Kazushi kills Yoshio after finding him unconscious , and then comes upon Takako Chigusa .
Strashun was offered the rabbinate of Suwaki , but he refused it , preferring to retain his independence .
Matisyahu met NYU film student Talia when she interviewed him for a documentary about men and women not touching .
Carly breaks up with Jacks when she finds out he went to England to help Brenda .
Patrick begins dating Dr. Britt Westbourne , but breaks up with her when he realizes she has been treating Emma poorly .
Anxiously , Jennifer attempts to hide from Vincent but is caught before she could walk out from him .
Geraci swears revenge against Michael , staying quiet until he can hatch a plan to defeat him .
Bo married Megans sister Sarah , but she was kidnapped and believed killed by Carlo Hessers henchmen in order to keep her from testifying against him .
Walter assured Olivia that even though Dru 's conception was not planned , he loved her regardless and had no regrets over having her .
Dan was finally rid of Susan when she became interested in Dr. Bruce Baxter .
The men try to take care of the baby , but she becomes a huge pain .
Rose 's former fiance Gregory Wilmot arrives to see Rose , but she is out on the buses .
Veronica has a heartfelt conversation with Piz , although soon afterward , she goes back to Logan .
Juan Pablo is forced to push Greenlee away when an Argentinian gang targets him and Carlos .
Robbie is falsely accused of raping Nancy , but after hugging him and recognizing the smell of his aftershave , she realizes it was Finn .
Radu appeared to be killed by Sister Paula , but he reappears a short while later injured , but alive .
Jay then secretly sees Lola but she is scared of him and tells him not to go near Lexi .
After finding Ste asleep while looking after Lucas , Mike takes him .
Juno sends Adraste away , so that she can plot her revenge .
Mr. Drew is always proud of Nancy when she has solved , and finished a case .
Rainey was passed by Doohan on the straight , but he re-took the lead by barging through the inside of the hairpin .
Katie nearly leaves Bill after believing that he had possibly slept with Brooke , though this was not the case .
Leo comforted Bianca after she revealed to him that she was gay , and he used his unique brand of humor to help make her feel better about herself .
Jason attempts to get to know Molly , but she remains distant .
Jen helps Riley heal after he receives a letter from Flash , breaking up with him .
Henry Spoffard is waiting for Lorelei when she arrives in New York .
Kate was taking care of Joey when he found Ruths gun .
Tai tries to help Agumon by distracting Shellmon but he is caught .
Caroline was suspicious of what Mackenzie was doing , but no one believed her and she was fired from the clinic .
Rachel broke up with Adam when she realised that the relationship was n't going anywhere .
Matt turned against Toni when she turned scab and crossed the picket lines to work .
Chris was desperate to convince Rachel to stay , so he got Victor to offer Rachel a promotion .
Margot had always felt that Dominic had been deprived and so left him the money in her will as a form of compensation .
Chris eventually seduced Lucy , but he no longer had any feelings for her and she took off to Australia .
Miu runs out of the store to find Kai , but iron beam falls from above and kill her .
Lisa tried to get back together with Bob , but his pride was hurt and he refused to take her back .
Marcy would continue to have that crush on Bob , until Lisa finally set her straight .
Suddenly , the Virgin Mary appears to Alfred when his army is on the brink of complete defeat .
Mrs. Miranda uses this information to force Joshua into surrendering , since he wo n't be able to shoot all three hostages .
Mack proposes to Catherine , but she gently turns him down and moves in with Harriet .
Marilla becomes suspicious of Mike after she finds a photograph of Lori Shannon , Mike 's former girlfriend .
Tom stood by Gilly and was relieved when he was found innocent .
Darren pulls Nancy away but then she grabs at her , ripping her dress exposing her fake pregnancy to the crowd .
Tony slowly gets fed up with Wilma , especially after her beautiful daughter arrives .
Krishna agreed and let Rukmi go free , but not before having his head shaved as a visible sign of a warrior 's defeat .
Callina asks Beltran if he has sworn allegiance to the Compact , the most sacred of Comyn laws .
Elmeida nearly assassinated Hyrum , but Noa intervened to save his life .
Carter tries to save Mona but she deliberately swims into the path of a group of sharks and is eaten alive .
The dwarves are disappointed Snow White does not turn up , but suddenly realize she is not aware of this event .
Dennis dares not let Aime find out where he works since she considers the pet cemetery to be sacrilegious .
In the original Novel , Greco is killed by Larmica , but in the manga he is fatally wounded by Rei Ginsei .
Beverly thinks that Jon walked because he saw her wearing the bracelet .
Eclipso then attempts to kill Mary , but finds that she is too strong .
Ichikawa had heard that Curtis was very thin , so he decided to use him , as the characters in the story have eaten very little .
Marc then tells Betty that if she helps him , he will tell her important information that will help save Daniels job .
Robert Redford was the first choice for the role of Guy Woodhouse , but he turned down the offer .
Hermione is angry with Ron at first but then reconciles with him .
Jackie Rice was also considered to play Kristal , but she was suspended by the network for attitude problems .
Jack Osborne threw Gilly Roach out after his behaviour became increasingly aggressive following Steph Cunningham 's death .
Gluhak was naturally taller than Topi , but her hairstyle and high-heeled boots resulted in a considerable height discrepancy .
Seeing armed cadets , the driver tried to escape , but he and his companions were caught and brought to the military academy .
Mr. Hillyer attributes this to Rose but she repeatedly denies knowing them .
Again Cholo tries to force Mary , but she rejects him very violently .
The Punisher massacres the mobsters , but sustains injuries during the battle that leave him temporarily incapacitated .
Marianela frequently sings to Pablo , and he believes she is beautiful because of her voice .
Colman had planned to kill Sookie but decides that he wants her arrested instead .
Ccile eventually begins to fall deeply for Leonard and so does he .
Wiriya does not like Nanthagorn because she knows that he likes her best friend , Majsha .
Scott is charged with raping Beth but he was sensationally acquitted at trial .
Elliot tries to stand up for Steph when she is taunted by Wayne Tunnicliffe and Sonny Valentine .
Jerry responds by throwing Teresa out , though he later lets an insistent Teresa stay a little longer , much to Mel 's dismay .
Bourret was supported by Louis-Hippolyte Lafontaine because as a moderate , he was acceptable to the rich Anglo-Saxons who formed the majority of the Montreal electorate .
For weeks , Dusty blamed Lucy for Jen 's death , because she was Jen 's doctor .
Zwingli was also aware of and influenced by the Wittenberg reformer Martin Luther , but he developed his theology independently and differed with him in several ways .
Fallon is sympathetic to Jeff , but still does not feel she can return his love .
Jayanthi convinces Prabhu to stay back overnight , so that he can meet Padma the next day .
As Tien waits for Ling Shih-hua to recover so she can beat him , he runs into an old man who teaches him the art of t ` ai chi .
Naungdawgyi forgave Hsinbyushin possibly because he was more concerned with a possible insurrection by the army .
Fallon feels sympathetic for Jeff , but still does n't feel she can return his love .
Matthew is later murdered by Isabelle when she inflicted an instantaneous stroke upon him .
William Miller and colleagues found that the more confrontational a counselor was , the more his or her clients with alcohol problems drank .
Jon is still trying to kick Lizzie out but she wants his help .
Nadja was given to Miss Applefield to raise when she was a baby , her only possession at the time being an elaborated heart-shaped brooch .
An enraged Tarabas attempts to kill Darken , but Xellesia arrives and stops him .
Pratap is miserable without Kamli , but he is too proud to ask her back .
Dickson was bowled by Richard Ollivierre but the bails took several seconds to fall and he was given not out by the umpire .
Karan goes about to woo Kishori , so that he can get the letters possessed by her .
Lynch was quickly signed by the Denver Broncos , where he had consecutive injury-free Pro Bowl seasons .
Hunter was shot dead and Cottle was so severely wounded that he died soon thereafter .
Sheng Da is confused since Shi Lang looks so much like the girl he had fallen in love with .
Jacky is surprised that Mistress Pimm does not come , and is even more surprised when she realizes that Higgins is not there either .
Nampaduvan was a great devotee of Lord Nambi , though he was born in a very low class society .
Emilia does not particularly like William , but tries to be a good parent to him .
Pete attempts a reconciliation with Adah , but she eventually decides to leave him and the town .
Elizabeth attempts to reconcile with Jason , but he says they do not have a future together .
Dashiel shoots at Martha , but she shields herself with the canap tray , which reflects the shot at Jocelyn and kills her .
Rex decides to dig up Gigi , to see if she is indeed alive .
Bobby Z knows Don Huertero wo n't rest until he believes him dead .
Komamura has a close friendship with Kaname Tsen and is shocked when the latter defects from Soul Society , feeling that his friend has abandoned his morals .
Julia does not want to come as Luc is not invited , but changes her mind after she kicks Luc out .
Tris finds herself attracted to Laura but is confused , not sure what to do with her emotions .
Tamako begins on the bridge to save Mokichi , but she is too heavy on the unstable bridge .
Higuchi appears and is now ready to fight Zoucho , but still afraid , she cowers .
Naji is supposed to come over for a visit with Khalil , but he does n't come .
Oliver Barnes gets in touch with Rebecca when he learns she is his biological mother .
Rebecca allows Paul to move back home after he agrees to take six months off from Lassiter 's , placing Declan in charge .
Susan tells Paul , but he does not believe her and thinks Rebecca still loves him .
Sam deals with this much better than Naomi , even supporting the marriage between Maya and Dink , though he is certainly not pleased with the circumstances .
Zana started to work as a tailor in Silvan after he graduated from elementary school .
Richard was probably the son of Robert de Courcy , but his mother was named Herleva .
Ashraf Khan is blackmailed to release Gani Bhai , after his men release an explicit video of his daughter online .
Asin Thottumkal was first approached for the role of Jhanvi , but due to other commitments she rejected the offer .
Gubacsi was originally coached by Jozsef Hegedus , but he would later be replaced by Attila Door .
Meanwhile Dylan continues to hunt Aidan but he is surprised from behind by Aidan .
Hollywood writer Charlie Sorrel is shot and killed by Hungarian film producer Sir Leopold Sartori when he is caught fooling around with Sartori 's wife .
Zu Ji was the eldest son of King Wu Ding but despite his kingly title he never succeeded his father as a Shang dynasty King of China .
Smith does away with Whitey but gives his old friend Sinclair a last chance .
Davy finally agrees to put Jennifer ashore , but after he has given her sleeping pills .
Doris promised to wait until Harry returned but he was later reported missing in action and presumed dead .
Nicky eventually grows tired of Enrico constantly talking about Sonia , so she tells him to tell her how he feels .
Joanne is attracted to Louise 's father Phil Mitchell and is sacked when she tries to seduce him .
Mary initially agrees to meet with Derek , but shuts the door in his face when he arrives at her house .
Sean thought Elizabeth did n't want to come , so he invited another girl , Amy Nielsen .
Renee tries to warn Jack , but Vladimir chokes her , taking the phone away from her .
Bradley Branning asks Preeti out after Deano Wicks is unsuccessful in chatting her up .
Preeti goes on a date with salesman Warren Stamp , but he attacks her , bruising her arm .
Joanne is attracted to Louise 's father Phil Mitchell and is sacked when she tries to seduce him .
Sean thought Elizabeth did n't want to come , so he invited another girl , Amy Nielsen .
Rusty struggles at first , often getting into arguments with Peggy , although Beattie helps her find a friend in local schoolgirl Beth .
Jeffrey unzips in front of Maria , but the only thing visible to her are his green feet .
Naohiro was the eldest son of Nagai Naotsune , and assumed family headship after his father 's death .
Charlie kills Hanna , but he is in turn killed by Emmy .
Serena tries to explain herself to Dan , but he leaves the brunch without her .
Janae hits Rex to protect herself , when she escapes she is the one charged with assault .
The applicants soon discover that the patient acts as if her dead mother is in the room .
Cassidy was convicted and Hainer was acquitted , possibly because he had made a deal with Franc to sell out his friend .
Lady Salmakia dies very shortly after Tialys , when the last of her energy has run out .
Robin goes to speak to Gael but discovers he has invited more backpackers to stay with them .
Bonny Fern is friendly with Larry but he recalls again the advice of Rollie and keeps his distance .
Abby wants to get rid of Elizabeth May so that she can have Charles , Elizabeth 's well-to-do husband .
Sean Penn was already set to play Larry Fine but dropped out to concentrate on his charitable efforts in Haiti .
Inada is highly estimated by Abe because of her political and historical beliefs , which are close to Abe 's .
Tina is scared , but Dennis comes after her and protects himself with a gun .
Lingad was defeated by Estelito Mendoza , but he raised charges of fraud which led to the staging of a new election for governor .
Howard is still smitten with Laura , but she isnt as gullible as he supposes and resists his advances .
Curiously , both Stean and Miles defeated Beliavsky , but could n't match his ruthlessness in dispatching inferior opposition .
Liao Hua surrendered to Sun Quan but later faked his own death and escaped to rejoin Liu Bei .
Ishwari Baa tries to coax Chandan but he is firm on his decision to end his relationship with Sunaina .
Dhanush tries to run over Sunaina but she is saved by Yuvi .
Chandan does not listen to Sunaina when she tells him that she would return him all the property .
A late attack by Kluge left Newton unable to respond , but he was happy to take a bronze medal at his fourth Olympic Games .
Von Hoene could do an uncanny vocal impersonation of horror icon Boris Karloff , and so he was also the off-screen voice announcer for the show .
At first Constantin has a hard time accepting Maria as the not-so-dead Francesca , but he comes around eventually .
Nico does n't necessarily believe Elisabeth but is willing to accept her word for Arno 's sake .
Pauline gets Sean drunk until he falls asleep and then helps Maggie pack Mary 's clothes .
At first , the actress is not accepted kindly by the women , although the men appear to take a liking to her .
Tyler feels let down by the corrupt Rathbone but accepts there is nothing else he can do .
Originally Emma Lung was to play Venus Hoy , but she pulled out of the project before filming .
Dean and Roxy decide to move away , upsetting Ronnie , so she gets Billy Mitchell to rob his salon .
Xabi Alonso took the corner which found Garca , but his shot hit the woodwork .
Eventually , Dan breaks up with Serena , because he believes that she has slept with someone else and he is tired of her holding secrets from him .
Juanita attempted to shoot Theresa , but the gun exploded in her hand .
In a frantic attempt to save Daniel , Lori manages to resuscitate after he has been clinically dead for almost a half hour .
Percy is attracted to Marguerite , but she is in a relationship with Paul Chauvelin , an agent of Maximilien Robespierre .
Amy initially does n't trust Luigi , but he soon wins her trust .
Gennie becomes interested in Nikhil and is jealous when he starts seeing Chas .
Jeanne tries to guilt Zach , but he reminds her that she is the one who is abandoning her son , not him .
Kirk next tried to kill Cruz and Eden , but Gina stopped him in time .
Veronica helped Lionel hide when he was pursued by the authorities .
Anyanwu is physically strong enough to fight Doro , but there are times where she does not retaliate against his physical abuse .
Caleb asks Samantha if she was abused as a child , and Samantha is offended .
Sharon complains and Whitney is suspended , but appeals for her job and is allowed to keep it .
Jack and Mark get increasingly drunk and show up uninvited to see Jennifer , but she refuses to let them in .
Doherty decided to appear after talking with Sachs , but her appearance was moved to the second episode .
Evvy refuses to be taught by the only local stone mage , Jebilu Stoneslicer , so Briar is stuck being her teacher .
Ali was urged to accept Abu Musa but he never did .
Raj looks forward to woo Ishita but she does n't take his calls .
Molly grows cool to Kirk after this , believing he fled to avoid meeting her parents .
Ed Helms was cast as Derek Smeathe but scheduling conflicts prevented him from taking the role .
Melinda does not tell Aiden this because she wants him to have a normal life .
Annette clearly has a crush on Steven , but he does n't know .
A young boy is sent to live with relatives when his parents break up .
James comes to the aid of Sister Rose when she finds a dog stuck in a peat bog .
The tigress was attacking humans initially alone , but later she was assisted by her sub-adult cub .
Daisy understands why Pradeep is so aggressive and offers him considerable support .
Tom arrives to where Vanessa was tied , but she has come free of her lead .
NOTE : Kai was to be voiced by Mads Mikkelsen , but he dropped out due to scheduling issues and the role was recast to J.K. Simmons .
Then-Barako Bull coach Yeng Guiao wanted Juntilla to be waived because of his sudden absence just after signing a two-year contract with the team .
Dimmitt welcomed Viesca but refused to recognize his authority as governor .
Annie argues with Ethan because of his lying , and asks what happened to the Ethan that she met two years ago .
Once Sonia realises that Kabir is probably frustrated but not a bad human being she gets a little comfortable with him .
Elena is frightened as Grady suddenly appears as if he wants to eat her as well .
Billy asked Diane to choose but she could n't and fled to Brighton .
Justice Lise Maisonneuve ruled that Fodor should be deported when his sentence was complete .
Kent noted that Genie became extremely upset if someone touched or moved anything she had collected .
Bela then threw Yvonne out after she said Rita was better off being dead or being left in a home .
Apokaukos also tried to kidnap the young John V , but failed and was forced to flee to his house at Epibatai .
Narendran wants to get Ramu married to Leela but she is turned off by his cowardice .
Catherine and Josse manage to find Gauthier , but he 's in very bad shape .
Lastly , Ramola is killed by Nikhil when he shoots her with a gun .
Meegham and Arthur have trailed Lopaka , but he gets the jump on them .
Betty believes that Daniel is innocent , so she decides to try to figure out what really happened .
Brodie tries to apologise to Colleen , but she refuses to accept it .
Len tries to reconcile with Meche but she rejects him , as she prefers Javier .
Ciro states Elga is not able to pose , but all the others find her shot captivating and interesting .
Doherty decided to appear after talking with Sachs , but her appearance was moved to the second episode .
Liam likes Annie because , contrarily to Naomi , she listens to what he has to say .
Ted goes to talk to Stella , but instead finds a card saying she has run away with Tony .
Director Ulli Lommel was unsure about casting Klaus Kinski , but he met him and Kinski was very nice , according to Lommel .
The defending commander , Shi Kefa , was also executed by Qing forces after he refused to submit to their authority .
Izzy returns to see how Anna is , where she tells her that Phelan tried to rape her .
Theresa almost admits to killing Calvin , but stops when Logan tells her he is a police officer .
Theresa wakes up and attempts to escape Sonny , but he holds her captive .
Branislav Lei was intentionally chosen to play the role of Teodor Teja Kraj because he actively participated in overthrowing the Miloevi 's regime .
Dolly has grown fond of Steve , but can not hide her disappointment from him .
The Englishman manages to evade the guards , but then deliberately does not carry out his assignment .
The rustlers kidnap Sundowner but he uses telepathy to get Dancer to come to his rescue .
Queenie is pursued by Bob 's sailor son Billy , but she longs to escape the suburbs and lead a more glamorous life elsewhere .
Lemieux got up , but Rubio continued where he left off and threw more punches at him .
Warren snuck Nige outside and said that if he ever saw him again he would kill him .
Tony tries to help Rachel but she pushes him away , it soon becomes clear she is suffering from Post natal depression .
Brooke is shot by hitman Don Lennox , after he mistakes her for Justine and she survives the attack .
Luisa goes to talk to Alfonso but he pretends not to recognise them and calls them liars .
Roth apparently kills Jenine , but Neph secretly preserves her for the godking , who is on his way .
Dan is frustrated with Leanne because she makes him pretend they are not together and punches him in the face , humiliating him in public .
Albert grew concerned with Susan when he noticed she was frequently covered in bruises , and befriended her .
Deb searches out Kajol , but she gets stabbed to death by Binod .
Thara is now suspicious about Aadhavan but when she questions him in secret , he informs her that he is really Subramaniam 's long lost runaway son Madhavan .
The King of Edom did not attack the Israelites , though he prepared to resist aggression .
Cassandra arranges a date with Paul , but she is furious when he stands her up .
Mary becomes infatuated with Jamie and is crushed when he does not return her affection .
Rubi tries to stop Hector but he accidentally pushes Rubi off the edge of the building .
Alyssa is the obsessive stalker of Wayne Alban so she sends Betchay to spy on him at his flower farm .
McGirt had warned Malignaggi that if he did n't do better in the next round he would pull him out and he stuck to his word .
Most Mexicans consider Cassez to be guilty , since she was indicted on the charges brought against her and freed on technical grounds .
Matt then intends to kill Alena so Danko can feel what he lost , but he is unable to and surrenders .
Inspector Duffy is assigned to capture Sha but she 's puzzled as to why she feels a strange connection to the killer .
Tom has been working out and wants to have sex with Lynette but she is not into it .
There , menacing Arabs want to kill the Woggle-Bug , but he convinces them that his death would bring bad luck .
Mr. Manning is initially unwilling to let Marjorie go , but with guidance from Dr. Gates , he finally accepts the inevitable .
Nigel leaves ahead of Jenny and Vicky , so that he can prepare the farm for their arrival .
Sister Jaime adopts Ella , but Patricia has a constant dislike against her .
Gyo Bin wants to have sexual intercourse with Soo Hee , but she bought twin beds instead of one big bed , and refused his advances .
Peter seduces Kimberly so she will testify in his favor , but his appeal is unsuccessful .
Nate tries to stay away from Lily , but he realizes that he is in love with her .
Callum start neglecting Sophie , but when she prevents his friends from embarrassing him in public , they become close friends again .
Zeke tries to let Sophie down gently , but he manages to upset her .
Minogue originally auditioned for the role of Marilyn Chambers , but she was later cast in the role of Emma instead .
Mason tries to win Kate back , but she makes it clear that they are never getting back together .
Anna misses Ed so much that she decides to kill herself .
Cardozo tries to admit to killing Lola , but Helen stops him , revealing she did it .
Next Darrell asks Sally if she would like to go out but she refuses .
Arvin tries to bring back Maureen but she refuses to love him .
At first , Sheila does not much care for Bill either , but he eventually wins her affections .
Jessica contemplates leaving Hoyt , but when she does , he reacts angrily and cruelly reminds her of her shortcomings before kicking her out .
Loretta grows close to Jake and , although initially hesitant , forms a relationship with him .
Sheila attempts to kill Pete , but she is herself killed by one of his men .
Pat goes to Joyces , but is rebuffed by her former employer .
Plutarch describes there being many accusers against Trebonius , but no one to defend him .
Muriel Emms wrote a biography of McHugh , but she was unable to come to terms with a publisher .
Byrd tries to find out from Jenny if Joe is staying at the settlement house , but she refuses to divulge anything .
Alice reveals that when Tom was unconscious earlier , she took some of his blood and mixed it with her own in the jar .
Meg suggests that Nate begin to investigate , but he is reluctant to do so , explaining that he moved from Baltimore to avoid murder cases .
Barney is rude and dismissive to Miriam 's colleagues but she remains steadfastly faithful to him despite his picaresque behaviour .
Britt asks Lenore out , but she rebuffs him and instead invites Kato to dinner , making Britt jealous .
Duncan regrets leaving Annie but she refuses to take him back .
Prathap Ravi 's henchmen attempt to kill Surya but he manages to escape .
Paulina sincerely loves Mark , but she feels him to be increasingly cold and indifferent .
Micah tries to convince Katie to go back inside , but she refuses and appears to remember none of it the next day .
Katie finally calls the demonologist , Dr. Averies , but he is unavailable .
Moira notices and warns Eve off when she believes she is getting too familiar with John .
Mark tries to ask Ann out , but she declines out of respect for Leslie 's friendship .
The animals constantly interrupt Garbles sleep , so that in the courtroom he is on the edge of falling asleep .
Bree is starting to fall in love with Karl so she decides to end the affair .
Maud wants to forgive Jeffery , but he says nothing in his own defence .
Jon wants to date Sumitha , but she is no longer interested .
May complains of head pains but Christine thinks she 's attention seeking .
Carol defends Connor , but then finds out that he is in possession of stolen jewellery , and throws him out again .
Finally , Lekha fortuitously comes to know the real story of Seetarama Rao but she is moved by his life struggles .
Petitioners tried to reach the Patriarch , but he was powerless to do anything to solve the situation .
Now Ajay is head over heels in love with Piya , but she wo n't accept him .
Steve attempts to get rid of Grena , but a fight ensues and he believes hes killed her .
Jacqui agrees to sleep with Danny , but she explains she loves Rhys .
Lisa and Wendy follow Richard , finding out where he lives and works .
Libby suspends Ben , so Susan gets him a part-time job at the local garden nursery .
Then the men try to shoot Gambit , but Cable saves him .
Ciccio is going to get married to Miranda , but she leaves him the day of their marriage .
John proposes to Gina , but , to his shock , he is rejected .
Melanie turns Derwin down but then realizes that she is still in love with him .
Lindy is initially glad to be rid of Alice , but soon regrets her decision .
Kenneth can not bring himself to ask Jennifer out , so Tracy decides to help him .
Deva tells Krishna to go after Mr. Hook while he heals Professor Gellar .
Gene Tierney was initially set to star as Mrs. Mary Dean , but she dropped out last minute due to illness .
Qatar national team coach Philippe Troussier had called up Enazi , but due to his ban he was unable to join the national team .
Takehiko seduces Kumi , but is frustrated when she refuses to perform oral sex on him .
However , Indira is now a single mother of ten-year-old Malu after her ex-husband went to jail .
Lucia arrives as well in search of Ivan and demanding to know where he is .
Aloyshi is now arrested by cops but he manages to get bail .
Sandra tries to buy back the coin from Dave , but he refuses because he needs the coin to complete the collection he started with his own dead father .
Aruna still loves Jayapal but he hates her and has turned into a drunk womanizer again .
Earlier , actress Vidya Balan was chosen to play the role of Kamini , but reports suggested she refused and was subsequently replaced by Mallika Sherawat .
Sophie does not love Frederick , but she believes marrying him will be an acceptable way to end her dead-end existence in the boarding house .
Joe O'Reilly tries to revive Collins but he dies and his attacker unknown .
Bobby Jay tries to outdraw Lomax but ca n't and he is shot dead .
Ludwig von Pastor has shown that Pope Julius II was not illiterate , although he is poetically referred to as such by Desiderius Erasmus .
Matilde continues to pursue Lorenzo , though he still wants her to leave , as he is attracted to her and afraid of breaking his priestly vows .
Alicia encourages Jacob to fight back if anyone picks a fight with him .
The school 's principal Doris McKenzie is initially reluctant to hire Baldwin , because she has no degree .
After Arakawa dies suddenly , Tomoko is at first relieved , but then discovers that she is incapable of enjoying sex unless she is in a masochistic position .
Hawes tackles Crowley but is in turn pinned against the shed and has his spine torn out .
When Mrs. Phelps asks what happens , Matilda does n't know , but will be back to tell her more .
Amanda then decides to manipulate Harry again when she finds out he has a crush on her friend Sarah Aquino .
Adam tries to pursue Mia , although she plays hard to get .
Normann wrote to Munch asking if he would exhibit his work in Berlin .
Damon also begins falling for Elena , although she continues her relationship with Stefan .
Caroline is then on the ground with Stefan after he has been killed , screaming for help and crying endlessly .
Janis is ordered to kill Mark , but does n't know if she can go along with this .
Dan calls Serena immediately after , only to find out that she and Blair are on their way to Paris .
Later , Elizabeth tries to call Chuck , but he does n't answer his phone .
Aldo had searched for Moza everywhere but he still could not find her for a while .
Anne makes a deal with George , that he keep quiet about the arrest if he can work on the statue for one week .
Julien plans to kill Rosalie , because she knows they stole the painting , Louis tries to protect her by advising her to escape .
Riley leaves the house to find Mitzeee but , when he finds her , he is accidentally shot by Simon Walker .
Bart spends a day with Jasmine , but she runs off after he kisses her .
Alicia supports Andy , but is dismayed when he and Debbie have sex to conceive the baby .
Marcia initially refuses to acknowledge Kim , but she eventually goes to see her .
Indi becomes concerned for Romeo , when she learns he has had an accident .
Sonya asks Angie to leave when she catches her going through her bag looking for drugs .
Raphael likes Sterre but he 's to shy to express his feelings about her .
Elaine stayed at the hospital with Ed until he was released and after he left she invited him back to stop at her house for a while .
Jake fears Mary only because she seems to have more power than him .
George is pressured to have sex with Eva , but he becomes uncomfortable and drives her away with his awkward and bizarre behavior .
Peggy later treats Nicola 's brother-in-law Steve Parker when he goes into cardiac arrest .
Peggy treats Bridget Parker again after she is injured in a car accident .
Josh becomes worried about Bridget when she stops attending her sessions and she tells him that has given up .
Silas tried to seduce Adelita , but she sees him as lacking sufficient sophistication for her tastes .
Larry almost connects with Sharon when he is interrupted by Tony and Sonya .
Kandi tries getting back together with Alan , but he refuses due to his relationship with Lyndsey .
Bridget later comes wanting Walden back but he declines her wanting Zoey instead .
Celeste shows to be controlling over Jake , but he does n't seem to notice .
Meagher sought an apprehended violence order against Gattellari when he used colourful language to describe his intention to defeat her .
Bree is rollerskating with Keith when she gets hot and dizzy out of nowhere and falls off her skates .
When hearing Sujie had been strangled , Shangjin was so afraid that he hanged himself .
Karen threatens Byron that if he does n't pay her some child support , ` the popo 's gon ' be knockin ' at yo ' do ' !
Amanda pretends to let Alex go so she can pursue a new life , warning her to stay away from Nikita .
Ekaterina Kramarenko was called in to replace Komova , but she withdrew shortly after because of illness .
Kate tries to drag Paul , but eventually has to save her own life .
Saikumar was initially approached to the enact the character of Bharatha but he was eventually replaced by Sameer .
Mark tries to flirt with Kat but she tells him she is married .
Pete develops feelings for Amy , but she does n't notice his attentions .
Michael is not happy to see Emilia , but he allows her to stay for Natasha 's sake .
Elaine asks to spend Easter with Rhys , but he comes up with an excuse as to why she can not .
Nihal had voted for Pooja , so he was asked to vote again .
Julia demands to know why Josh left , and he admits that after the attack he became a monster and that he did not want to hurt her .
Carole used to work for Stella Price , until she was caught flirting with her then partner , Karl Munro .
Thomas Zouch was best known as an editor and biographer of Izaak Walton , though his biography of Walton would be superseded by that of Nicholas Harris Nicolas .
Sophie is angry with Simon at first but admits she has put too much pressure on him .
Datchett tries to discover more about Marly , but she is at first unforthcoming .
Cilla throws Les out after he admits to having sex with Janice .
When Tahnee realises that Connor can not read or write , she begins to blackmail him .
Lynette calls Tom to find out when he will be home and discovers that he has to fly to Montreal on the private jet for a meeting .
Henry was thus forced to enter the war against Philip II , even though he considered negotiating peace with Spain several times .
Mother is offered the chance to be with Baba but in the end , she decides to stay with her husband .
Fitz is called in to question Tina , but she still refuses to talk , comparing her relationship with Sean to that of Bonnie and Clyde .
Indi asks Mink to stay , but she departs , leaving a note for Romeo .
Tyrie suggested that Craig was a suspect because his wife was Catholic .
Silvia is tricked into believing that Juan Lorenzo is dead , and so she is forced to marry Rafael .
Ingrid is immediately attracted to Martn , but he turns her down .
Ingrid agrees to leave Martin alone for good if he sleeps with her just one time , he happily agrees .
Vicky repeatedly tires to seduce Martn , but he turns her down .
Diana Dors was originally cast as Gloria but turned down the role because she did not want to work with Joseph Janni .
Initially , Ellie refuses to speak with Nick , though he is able to tell her that cheating on her has been the biggest mistake in his life .
Despite this Klitschko claims that Haye was unable to fight because he was just too good for him .
Mathilde loves Julien , even though she is aware that he loves Madame de Rnal .
Later Bahadur Shah tried to capture Jaunpur but he was defeated by Mughal forces .
Mike loves Missy but she only sees him as a friend .
Vinnie was relieved that Nicole had survived although she was in a coma .
Marshal Breakenridge arrested Wallace but the court ruled he acted in self-defense .
Phil also later catches Sharon unconscious and when she comes round , he confronts her and throws her out .
Frey 's mother was once picked up by US Border Patrol agents and deported because she was unable to convince them of her legal status .
Natalia almost gets seduced by Redfoo , but then throws him to her vampires .
Jayne had been enraged at Hansen when he discovered what he had done .
Jayne had been enraged at Hansen when he discovered what he had done .
Hermione attempts to stand up for Harry , but the tables are turned on her as everyone makes fun of her for not being able to draw .
Harry is about to take Umbridge down when she grabs hold of him .
Matty is willing to forgive Jenna , but she breaks up with him for Collin .
Consequently Leah turns to Travis when she needs to bring Kevin 's wife Ellie to a hospital .
At first Wendy does not believe Finn , but then she recounts the differences between herself and her family .
Basset was possibly the son of Simon Basset of Sapcote , but his parentage is uncertain .
The chancellor even offered to house students until he realized that his house , perched on the side of Orchard Hill , was also without water .
Quinn proposes to Debra , but she refuses and they break up .
Walker plans to shoot Ste but in a scuffle he shoots a stray bullet which hits Riley , killing him .
Stefan calls Elena , but when she picks up the phone , he does not speak .
Sophie apologises for hurting Corey , but explains she did not date him to get to the band .
The attackers had been waiting for the journalist when he arrived .
A devastated Kyle then decided to break up with Jade , even though he still loved her .
Ethan tried to get Margaux back , but she denied their relationship , leaving Ethan lonely and depressed .
Zoey also feels more and more estranged from Erik , because of the lies she tells to hide her relationship with Loren .
Anasuya has a crush on Kamaraju , but he refuses her advances .
Robbie then tried to kiss Katie , but she rejected him , so he made her feel uncomfortable by constantly flirting with her .
Initially , Dom thinks Vanessa is responsible but she tells him it was n't her .
Delana reluctantly agrees , not for Matt , but because she dislikes someone getting away with murder .
Verrakathi initially suspects Kenny but is not convinced that he is the murderer .
Liam is furious with Bianca when he learns the truth about his accident and he moves back to the caravan park .
Cathy attempts to seduce Adam , but he resists her temptations , which infuriates her .
But never for once does Umar speaks against Durdaana even if he knows that she is wrong and is lying .
Eva misunderstands a conversation with Nick about moving out , so she begins looking at flats for them .
Gopal tries to control Chitra , but she is always irritated by his acts .
The stranger is almost stoned to death by the town 's inhabitants but he manages to escape .
Gina does not warm to Tracy at first , but grows to adore her and usually stand up for her .
The next day Manan finds Abhilasha crying because she is overwhelmed by Siddharth 's friends acting wildly inside the apartment .
Phoebe wants Callum to stop interfering because his presence leaves her nervous .
Therese seeks to have Rick reprogrammed illegally so he is capable of protecting her from Roger - and being fun in bed .
Adams asks the patient , Iris , but she denies any drug use .
Zoe returned and reconciled with Chris , although she made it clear she was not interested in sex .
Kieran paid Jane to leave but she returned several weeks later and attempted to blackmail him into leaving with her .
Rhys thinks about cancelling on Vanessa , but he later arrives with dessert .
Isaac blackmails Raja saying that if he does not forfeit , he will bring his twin brother to Kari .
Kendrick went to Mr. Cooke and asked if he would help them build a church on South Bass Island .
Drucilla was also attracted to Damon , but he did not seem to care for her .
Sharon attempted to hang on to Skye , but she was not strong enough to pull her up .
Philip tries to woo Stacey but she keeps turning him down .
Jim defeats Laroche but spares him and makes his way to the Forgotten 's settlement .
Soichi is killed and Jim forced to surrender when he finds NEVEC has taken his family hostage .
Wally attempts to court Babs , but she is not vulnerable to his advances .
Inoue later trained under Yasuhiro Konishi and Taira Shinken where he studied the weapons practice of Ryky Kobudo Hozon Shinkokai .
Tom decides to reconcile with Lynette , but when he sees another man undressing her , he decides to walk away .
Shary asks Matteo accusingly where he was at the time of the accident , and the movie ends as he begins to cry from guilt .
Emily struggles to convince herself that being friends with Will is enough , but she has to admit it bothers her just to see Will and Cassandra talking together .
DeLuna began wondering why Hernandez was taking so long , so he stepped outside Wolfy 's to see what was going on .
Mrs. Bowen is glad Colville is staying but she doesnt seemed pleased with the reason .
Adam leans in to kiss Cassie , but she pulls away and runs off .
Toadie becomes angry with Troy when he takes Callum to Puckapunyal without permission .
Yoshiari was a son of Emperor Montoku , although he was granted the surname Minamoto which removed him from the Imperial lineage .
Wolfe has no explanation of the phone book for Archie , but he does have instructions .
Carrie tries to apologize to Brody , but he rebuffs her and goes back to his family .
Karthik falls in love with Shwetha eventually , but he hesitates to tell her .
Likewise now , Nisha was forced to marry Pandit , or he would have killed her brother .
Lusieri was employed by Lord and Lady Elgin even though he was not able to speak English .
Jason becomes jealous of Jessica when he sees her kissing another guy .
When Helge asks Anna where Anders is , she is n't able to answer .
Michael then plans to kill Janine , so steals her credit card and orders sleeping tablets from the internet .
Joey tries to convince Alice to plead not guilty , but she pleads guilty to murder .
Rosalie starts to get closer to Michael , so she can get him into bed and seduce him to fulfill Nina 's revenge on Kiki .
Maggie flirts with Steve but he tells her he is seeing Olivia Falconeri .
Hill was determined to work with Scorsese , and wanted to play Donnie Azoff so badly that he was willing to do whatever it took to get the part .
Valene finds out and kicks Gary out , so he moves in with Abby .
Imogen tries to seduce Roxy 's boyfriend Luke Cunningham , but he rebuffs her .
Brad tries to win back Beth , but she is dating Wayne Duncan .
Razia unsuccessfully tries to convince Ismail but he rejects all her plea and goes for duty .
Chester tries to kill Danforth but he is stopped by Stephanie and Martha .
Aidan later finds Chris to see if he is okay and he offers to sneak him back into the hospital .
Ravi is in love with Radha , but , she does not agree .
Pradhan Jaipal comes to meet Arun and Sanchita but gets tensed when he does not find anyone in the house and he waits for them .
Marta arranges a series of dates with John Ross but he does not turn up and spends time with Elena .
Pushpa was in love with Jatin but she was an advanced soul .
Paul Thompson was meant to star opposite Gosia Dobrowolska but he dropped out of the project at the least moment and was replaced by Sean Scully .
Prabha gets pregnant and deliveres a baby boy , Ravi but she does not care much for him .
Josie is supportive of Callum when he leaves for the United States on a scholarship .
Carrie proposes that Brody should be brought in to see if he can identify the mystery man .
Gabi neglects to tell Will and Sonny , because she is n't sure she wants to take Arianna away from them .
Catherine is abducted by Dawes and Billy , but Grobart protects her from them .
Carol looks for Daryl and begins to worry when she does not see him .
Most Confederate officers regarded Northrop as inept , but Davis had long defended him .
Nina broke down which frustrated Chris , after being told she can not participate in the sea runway for her lung problem .
Hence Meera tells Jeevanlal to go and eat so that she can send the cows and ruin the crops .
Diana becomes involved with patient Owen Stratton , but he dies before they marry .
Hiranyakasipu banished Prahlada but then relented and allowed him to come home .
Cara still holds a grudge against Edward , since his departure led to their parents divorce .
Cheryl shoots Seamus dead when she discovers the truth about the abuse .
Mohid tries to help Naseema and Alizeh when he understands what state of affairs they are currently in .
Duncan attempts to kiss Susanna , but she moves away , which makes him become even more upset .
But the dissatisfaction Molly had sensed in Ryan manifests when he hangs himself in the same house he had shared with the changelings years before .
Sheldon is forced to take care of Amy when she gets sick , thanks to a special clause he built into their Relationship Agreement .
The Norwegians begged the King to refuse , but he would not break his word and gave orders to proceed .
Simultaneously , Dr. Braden finds out that Jennifer is acting out because she has been molested by someone as a child .
Dwight Schrute makes Angela Lipton jealous when he starts dating a Brussels sprout farmer .
Whitey suspects that an associate who overhears the murder plan , Brian Halloran is untrustworthy , so he pays him off to leave the meeting .
Martin sexually harasses Sheena and when she accuses him of victimisation , she is left alienated at work .
Lucas then turns up to talk to Steph , but she runs off .
Ewan confronts Mona but , through a failure of communication , she admits that she has feelings for Dan .
Daniel is also enchanted by Nina , but his heart still beats strong for Almerinda and he is willing to endure everything for his beloved .
Cristina waits for Joey , but he goes to the rooftop cocktail party instead .
Mary tries to stab Billy , but he evades her and kicks the knife from her hand .
Max has a short attraction to Matilda but she rebuffs him .
Molly asks Tommy to sing , but her society friends do not think much of his singing .
Steve tries to apologize to Nova but she turns her back on him .
Megan accidentally fires a shot that injures Daniel , but she shoots Larry dead .
Jay is delighted when Chloe finally arrives but he announces to her that he 'll be leaving Geordie Shore forever .
Jason attempts to train Jenna up so she looks good for her interview and the pair get closer .
The mason had no idea of what the apostles looked like , so he used his fellow villagers as models .
Baby warns Nick that if he can not prove his innocence , he will have to be killed .
Isabel has feelings for Jose Manuel , but she can not dare tell him about them .
Ligia comes back with an attempt to win Jose Manuel back , but she is only faced by rejection .
Diana becomes jealous of Eric when she finds out he has a date to the Sadie Hawkins dance which she will be chaperoning .
Moreover , Severo will attempt to conquer Tomasa , but he is married to Virginia who is a model of a perfect housewife .
Charlotte decides to write to Aloysius Starkweather to find out more , since he was present at the killings of the Shades .
Lily does not want Conor to leave because she likes him .
Jay takes Gloria to sleep , but when he returns , everyone else has gone .
Sister Pete insists on counselling Schibetta , but he ultimately suffers a mental breakdown .
British actor John Cleese was signed up for the role of Michael Simpson , but due to heart problems he was unable to perform in the film .
Ricardo does n't have feelings for Celia , but he has never abandoned her because he was afraid of hurting his daughter .
Mason tries to win back Kate , but she turns him down .
Liz has been trying to go slow with Josh , but she gives in to her passion and they spend the night together .
Nick frantically attempts to warn Jill , but she is kidnapped by Chord .
The sons tried to challenge Maxim but he wanted nothing to do with them .
Ellie begins dating Lucas , but grows insecure after he begins to experience some success .
Maira meanwhile is angry with Shahaab so Bari Sarkar consoles her .
David attempts to apologize to Jill , but she becomes more angry with his fumbled apology and says that he makes her feel replaceable .
Murali works hard to save Venu so as not to create a misconception that he killed Venu in order to be with Seetha .
Gunnar goes out to kill Tove , but she ambushes and bites him .
Adimarchus would have killed Athux but in a rare moment of compassion sparked by his celestial nature could not bear to do it .
When Saul realizes where Javadi is going , he immediately sends Carrie and Quinn there to intercept him .
Saul wonders why Fariba was there when she was supposed to be under witness protection in California .
Stan grows closer to Cora when he holds her a late birthday celebration as everyone forgets the date .
Later , Stan attempts to talk to Sylvie , but she ignores him and this causes him to snap at her .
Damon tries to tell Elena but stops when she tells him that she has lost Stefan and he decides to help her find him .
Rosetti 's men soon come after Nucky himself , but he escapes and seeks protection from Northside leader Chalky White .
Bailey decides to pull out of the interview for space camp for Alice , but she talks him out of it .
Shagun is even forced to satisfy Ashok 's clients , but she refuses .
Defense attorney Kate is called to defend Talan Gwynek , after he is charged with the murders of a vacationing family .
Bob is on the committee trying to force out Coach O'Hara , but he likes the coach 's daughter Janet .
Rita is afraid that Edmunds is going to be poisoned , but before she can warn him , she is struck down by a speeding car .
Patrick is particularly unhinged and fantasizes about having left Esther alive so he could torture her .
Federer would have a speedy dispatch of Canadian wildcard Peter Polansky , advancing to the round of sixteen where he defeated Marin Cilic in a three set thriller match .
Zeeshan finally agrees to marry Romaisa , but he remains indifferent to her .
Mentors predicted Tamara educational path , but at heart she dreamed of something else .
Imogen finds Robbo Slade unconscious , after he was involved in a hit-and-run .
Tyler is interested in Imogen , but she rejects him due to her feelings for Daniel .
Bonnie is still a little freaked out about being attacked by Damon but she is grateful to Stefan who saved her life .
Anna watches the whole scene between the brothers and Noah but she hides as she hears Alaric approaching .
Katherine knew where Damon was but she did not care to find him .
Jake tries to go on another date with Olivia but she tells him she is still preoccupied by her last relationship .
Ambrose goes to visit Gloria , but finds her missing and her husband viciously decapitated and runs home to arm himself .
Hindu leaders said that if the suspect is guilty , then he should be punished .
Berke supported Ariq Bke because he was resentful of Hulagu , who had close ties with Kublai .
Thomas O'Hara Croswell was apprenticed to the law school founder Tapping Reeve , though he later became a physician .
Sara is instantly attracted to Kim but because she is engaged to Shin she stops the two from going past a platonic friendship .
Meanwhile , Caroline tries to keep Stefan busy so he wo n't go out searching for Elena by telling him that she told Tyler about her being a vampire .
Bonnie tries to call Jeremy , but he is not answering .
Takuro plans on killing Anna since she knows too much , but suddenly gets caught by the Blue Demon and eaten offscreen .
Although Tommasini makes no mention of Bernstein until well into the article , he draws continuously and heavily on the Norton Lectures .
Serena is not impressed by Jesse but his old friend and CEO Guy hires him .
The tired and hungry Shan Xiongxin was easily defeated by Liang Shitai , so he was not invited by the host .
Li Shimin was very sad after knowing the death of Yuchi Jinde , so he put off the time to execute Xue Rengui and re-try the case .
Lawrence finally attacks Norah after closing time in the empty nightclub and violently rapes her , but does not kill her .
Scott had the support of the powerful Lord Melville , but by the time he began his canvassing Wedderburn was too far ahead to be dislodged .